
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13200445248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578498877075                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 387396                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495377                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 298563                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44213.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17128062510                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21902227221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       259712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       443520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       447360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       447872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       176768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       444544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       257792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       446208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4987904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1184512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1184512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         4058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19674488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33598867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39348976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33889766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       339382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33928553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13391063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33676440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19306015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19529038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       300596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19344802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33802496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19383589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               377858770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       339382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       300596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5430120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89732731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89732731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89732731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19674488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33598867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39348976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33889766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       339382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33928553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13391063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33676440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       319989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19306015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19529038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       300596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19344802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33802496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19383589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              467591500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183315                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434632                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23127466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183315                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563007                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       919289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27215448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24447331     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426057      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210894      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420474      1.54%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130975      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390011      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60417      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96676      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032613      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27215448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22926961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1125443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22950611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        712946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       338937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        75912                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837372                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        56990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62673068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518587                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765531                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27215448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21571794     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753703      6.44%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915772      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100623      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561060      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140500      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164875      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3857      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27215448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21159     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8679     23.45%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083379     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99336      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297515     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395086      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876217                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37010                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53013621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515629                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        630370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518587                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660027                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550060                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16461182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26817110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22643401     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632440      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055986      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331111      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555306      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105796      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67494      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61074      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364502      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26817110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40220478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27934494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4440297                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.165574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.165574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59129986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2453527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2007983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       240846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012142                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         964113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23600632                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13721279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2453527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1217334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2863734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1248918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1445364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       240946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     28127590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       25263856     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         134472      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         212161      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         286195      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         294663      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         249622      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         140229      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         207607      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1338785      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     28127590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.433453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       23360089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1491907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2858287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       414022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       403304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16833299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       414022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       23424370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        205353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1138875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2797830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       147137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16826008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        63190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     23481373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     78276376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     78276376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     20332964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3148382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          436713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       852987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       254596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16802087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4077                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15947912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1872095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4491019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28127590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21339313     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2822115     10.03%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1421712      5.05%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1045988      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       824390      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337421      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211474      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110516      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28127590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3118     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9878     37.15%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13597     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13411785     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238558      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1998      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1445404      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850167      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15947912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.503792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60052403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18678333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15707353                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15974505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       414022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        170090                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16806190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       852987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       275545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15727187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1359858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2209957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2234644                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           850099                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.496819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15707472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15707353                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         9019042                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        24297330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371195                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11852870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14584409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2221776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       243653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27713568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21696220     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2997494     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118860      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       533889      1.93%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       470558      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259344      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213189      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102670      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321344      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27713568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11852870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14584409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2160748                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1320668                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              2010                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2103165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        13140229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       300281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       321344                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           44198331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          34026430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                358791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3528155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11852870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14584409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11852870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.670724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.670724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374430                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374430                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       70781777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21883903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15606156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         4022                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2335532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1914876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       960456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         909800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239386                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22331402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13282211                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2335532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1149186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2919118                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        656202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2101371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1377760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27772705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24853587     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         316352      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         364762      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         200694      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         230536      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127748      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          88199      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         225753      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1365074      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27772705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22147797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2288691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2894595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       418459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       379299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16209939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12025                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       418459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22183506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        638453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1551195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2882649                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        98439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16199579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22518987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75421448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75421448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19211318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3307638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          269226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1546180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       841456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       186409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16169524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15279711                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21261                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2021739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4682358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27772705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21335443     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2587934      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1391742      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964905      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       840743      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429359      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104690      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67441      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50448      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27772705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3852     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13905     42.69%     54.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14817     45.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12790480     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238784      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1871      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413132      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       835444      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15279711                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.482684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58385961                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18195587                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15023098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15312285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          632                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       418459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        590746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16173708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7473                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1546180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       841456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129731                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       263455                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15051712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1326497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2161695                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2106731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           835198                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15023394                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15023098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8927670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23380107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474577                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11280546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13840013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2333894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3775                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       232302                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27354246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21699762     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2621599      9.58%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1099905      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       659755      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457202      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296013      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153263      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123088      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243659      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27354246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11280546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13840013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2095639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1272573                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1884                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1981041                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12477010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       281559                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       243659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           43284416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32766312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                343803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3883040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11280546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13840013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11280546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.806225                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.806225                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.356351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.356351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67892852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20856115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15129666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3770                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31655742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2742884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2283938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1049836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1002009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23852103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             15044844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2742884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1296277                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             3135214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        697681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2196385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1482315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     29633663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       26498449     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         192258      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         244075      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         386277      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         160157      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         206982      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         241827      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         110052      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1593586      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     29633663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23716804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2350771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         3120124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       444359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       417076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     18383409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       444359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23741488                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         77325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2205653                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         3097027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        67801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     18269675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        47065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     25523452                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     84953217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     84953217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     21343035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        4180417                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          241083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       894023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       201344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         17835857                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        17106914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2169627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4419617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29633663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22385121     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3306465     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1350833      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758320      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026304      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315203      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310676      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167392      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13349      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29633663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118454     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15631     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15294     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14412629     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233726      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2117      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567458      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890984      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     17106914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.540405                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149379                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64014231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20010049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16661742                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     17256293                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321267                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       444359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         58889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17840316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       894023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147609                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       288759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16808958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1542252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2433121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2377121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           890869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.530992                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             16661848                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            16661742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9983166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        26808619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.526342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12416689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     15300500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2539913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       252720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29189304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22713928     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3281701     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190319      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594358      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543144      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228533      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225681      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107360      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304280      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29189304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12416689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     15300500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2269072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1387395                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2217797                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13775431                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       315951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       304280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           46725346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          36125200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                363288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2022079                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12416689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            15300500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12416689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       75635374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      23285788                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      17006478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2229515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1823401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220252                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       945244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         880536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21659618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12642166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2229515                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1109515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2649710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        638186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1058585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1333619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25780994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23131284     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         143217      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         226765      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         359755      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         150719      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         169660      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         177893      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         117092      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1304609      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25780994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21456961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1263263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2641209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         6774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       365158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15438611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21488362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        246265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       922791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2617132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        93657                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15427084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         4030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        34634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6348                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21411623                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71758684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71758684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18268006                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3143611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          279644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1474490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       791780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       180087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15404929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4055                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14580900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1953160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4346666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25780994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19627104     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2473296      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1351203      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919933      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858917      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       248598      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191622      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65559      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44762      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25780994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3401     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10342     38.48%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13131     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12213677     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229937      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1765      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1349411      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       786110      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14580900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.460608                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54988689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17362353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14345155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14607774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268751                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          925                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       412785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        155901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15409018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1474490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       791780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128708                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       254277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14372943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1269441                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  34                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2055191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2022768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           785750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.454039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14345379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14345155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8387974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21908273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10730318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13152662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2256407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       224710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25368209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20026673     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2587583     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007597      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       542292      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406106      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226863      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139735      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       125020      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306340      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25368209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10730318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13152662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1972083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1205738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1887929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11851594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       267177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       306340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40470860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          31230964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                353167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               5874751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10730318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13152662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10730318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.950122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.950122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.338969                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.338969                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       64816335                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19885129                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14399900                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2140160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114049                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       806433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22683222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13445359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2140160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       880237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2657862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        359100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3143052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1302937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114358                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     28726360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       26068498     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          94050      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         193883      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          82300      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         441372      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         393635      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          75418      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         159413      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1217791      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     28726360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424737                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22458714                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      3369318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2647828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       241980                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       188146                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15763030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       241980                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22488542                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3105834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       163793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2629799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        96407                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15753190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        48576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        32354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          490                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18499405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     74182418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     74182418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16372837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2126562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          227244                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3715242                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1877765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        91162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15720539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15099928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1235482                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2971315                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28726360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23307046     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1651379      5.75%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1341113      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577651      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722473      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       686196      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       390142      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31234      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19126      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28726360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37866     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290622     86.26%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8424      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9474450     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131692      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3619943     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1872941     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15099928                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59272086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16958290                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14969630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15436840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       241980                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       3033615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15722407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3715242                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1877765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       133541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14993559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3608250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5480962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1965230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1872712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473644                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14970148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14969630                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8087705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15960038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12154628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14283026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1441106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       116329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28484380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23285245     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1911583      6.71%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       892155      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       877860      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       240985      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004872      3.53%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76366      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55455      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139859      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28484380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12154628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14283026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5433484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3568087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1886376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12700607                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138248                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       139859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           44068614                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          31690282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                488928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2929385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12154628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14283026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12154628                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.604419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.604419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.383963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.383963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       74118466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17388546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      18764989                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2223098                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1817696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         877403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9743                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21601143                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12604484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2223098                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1105546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2641215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        637263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1029715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1330456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25684328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23043113     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         142613      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         226062      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         358266      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         150307      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         169079      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         177561      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         117326      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1300001      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25684328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21398892                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1233928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2632858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       411956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       364545                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15390835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       411956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21430440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        282903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       856967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2608491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        93569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15379570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         3369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        26130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        34635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6055                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21343585                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71535617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71535617                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18209370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3134197                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4005                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          280873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1469090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       789229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       178644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15357569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14537380                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1944103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4323570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25684328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19548394     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2466569      9.60%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1346880      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       917620      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       856211      3.33%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247183      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191424      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65488      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44559      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25684328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3342     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10118     38.20%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13030     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12178396     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229116      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1760      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1344525      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       783583      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14537380                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459234                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54804539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17305891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14302427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14563870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43660                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       411956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        184524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15361616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1469090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       789229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2242                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       254137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14330142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1265562                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2048742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2017432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           783180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14302653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14302427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8363386                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        21841910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451811                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10695858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13110470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2251226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       224612                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25272372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19946575     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2580642     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004138      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       541582      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404537      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225680      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139437      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124612      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305169      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25272372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10695858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13110470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1965809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1201891                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1881881                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11813574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266323                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       305169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           40328821                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          31135396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                352327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5971417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10695858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13110470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10695858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.959627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.959627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       64622495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19824966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14356699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3550                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2225348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1819588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       220087                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       942574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         879219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21626786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12618953                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2225348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1107583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2645462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        636001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1079384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1331705                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       221307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25762694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23117232     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         142853      0.55%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         227891      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         359287      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         150254      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         168623      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         177219      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         117242      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1302093      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25762694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.398631                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21424788                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1283393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2636808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       410763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       364904                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15409145                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       410763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21456131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        267120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       922974                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2612878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        92826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15397727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        26515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        34713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5033                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21372286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71621107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71621107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18246989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3125297                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          280477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1470375                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       790675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       179854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15375011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3993                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14559682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1934342                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4301730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25762694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19617086     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2469000      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1349851      5.24%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920582      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       857324      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247574      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191531      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65086      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44660      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25762694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3358     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10282     38.44%     51.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13107     49.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12196102     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229656      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1763      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1346785      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       785376      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14559682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.459938                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26747                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54927475                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17313551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14324871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14586429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44626                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266021                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          211                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25209                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          943                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       410763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        170388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15379026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          629                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1470375                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       790675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          211                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128786                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125253                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       254039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14352247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1267608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2052555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2021008                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           784947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.453385                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14325107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14324871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8375641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21871117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.452520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10717974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13137528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2241618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       224541                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25351931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20016571     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2584659     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1006406      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       541797      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405065      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       226634      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       140158      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124840      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305801      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25351931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10717974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13137528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1969820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1204354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1885751                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11837951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       305801                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40425198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          31169090                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                352342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               5893051                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10717974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13137528                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10717974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.953519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.953519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.338579                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.338579                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       64721149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19856521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14374774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3554                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2455593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2009369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1015435                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23621161                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13730057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2455593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1218747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2865740                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        658357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1236944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1446603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28138310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       25272570     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         134152      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         212442      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         286507      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         294956      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         250337      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         140963      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         207128      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1339255      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28138310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23380361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1480425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2860316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       413890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       403897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16844389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       413890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23444689                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        200364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1132483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2799939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       146942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16837145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        63341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23495509                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     78326130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     78326130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20349977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3145520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4124                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          437014                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1575914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       853481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10143                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       259920                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16814160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4139                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15962073                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1868670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4481505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28138310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21340648     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2829752     10.06%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1423000      5.06%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1045062      3.71%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825264      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337617      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211658      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110426      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14883      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28138310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3185     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9788     36.84%     48.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13596     51.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13424524     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238606      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1446305      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850639      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15962073                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504239                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60091479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18687040                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15721618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15988642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       413890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        165536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16818325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1575914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       275933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15741450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2211298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2236937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           850560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497270                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15721754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15721618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9025866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        24316612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11862753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14596496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2221844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       243887                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27724420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21697999     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3004632     10.84%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118768      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534864      1.93%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       472803      1.71%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259312      0.94%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211992      0.76%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102388      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321662      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27724420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11862753                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14596496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2162478                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1321730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2104882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13151116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       321662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           44221020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          34050595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                359279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3517435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11862753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14596496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11862753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.668499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.668499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       70844777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21903187                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15616032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2219907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1815087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         876620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228308                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21577415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12588038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2219907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1104928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2638260                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        633860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1062935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1328257                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220450                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25688548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23050288     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142153      0.55%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         226318      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         358576      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         149677      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168588      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         177068      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         117020      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1298860      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25688548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070127                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21376078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1266477                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2629940                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       409451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       363990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15372172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       409451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21407379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        269698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       903056                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2605664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        93298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15361009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         3413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        26118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6001                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21321527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71451868                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71451868                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18206037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3115468                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4002                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          279496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1467362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       788710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       178843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15339210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4014                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14526477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1929287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4291345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          462                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25688548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19557519     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2464713      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345193      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       916926      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       855987      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247034      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191269      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65388      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44519      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25688548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3344     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10201     38.34%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13060     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12168203     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229043      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1760      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1344136      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       783335      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14526477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458889                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54787157                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17272711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14291586                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14553082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       409451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        176737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15343250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1467362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       788710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2240                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       253159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14319276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1264755                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2047699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2015834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           782944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14291818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14291586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8355817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21822134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382906                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10693918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13108075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2235254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       223714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25279097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19956143     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2578799     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003941      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540196      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404767      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225689      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139295      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124613      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305654      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25279097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10693918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13108075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1965443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1201661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1881523                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11811437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       266280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       305654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40316694                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          31096155                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                351306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5967197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10693918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13108075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10693918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.960163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.960163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       64573231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19811285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14339288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2189380                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959185                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1464620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1439724                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23192908                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12445822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2189380                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1568066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2775714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        578809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       906019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1404486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27276755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24501041     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         427346      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         211486      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         421833      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         131534      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         391051      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60439      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96897      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1035128      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27276755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.393162                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22991969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1112646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2770050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       203217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13893965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23015677                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        700028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       338851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2746334                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        75993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13872906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        57429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18156816                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62828976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62828976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14678009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3478781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          179126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2526995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        91019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13800431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12905863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8709                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2522522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5189759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27276755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21619156     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1758244      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1920951      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103600      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561946      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140466      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165214      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3905      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3273      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27276755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21191     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8743     23.56%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10105810     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99527      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2304176     17.85%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395448      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12905863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53134295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16324833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12575961                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12942968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9688                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       399868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        616904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13802293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2526995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       186076                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12743077                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2271719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2667133                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1939009                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           395414                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.402552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12578736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12575961                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7617719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16489255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.397273                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10023796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11261888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2540928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       174482                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26876887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22693745     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636270      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058596      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331079      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556869      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105987      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67832      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61286      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365223      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26876887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10023796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11261888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2397702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2008879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1730014                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9834481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       365223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           40314441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28005856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                520623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4378990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10023796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11261888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10023796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.158060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.158060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59266800                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16364369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14793129                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31655280                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2332756                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1913286                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231031                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908509                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10304                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22301180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13266699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2332756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1147640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2915680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        656504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2100998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1376117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27739238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24823558     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         315741      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         364655      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         200386      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         230106      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         126715      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          88090      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         226634      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1363353      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27739238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073692                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.419099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22118797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2287116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2891113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        23179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       419029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       378121                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16192975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        11979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       419029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22154308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        594547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1594157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2879527                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        97666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16182592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        23243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        46228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22497268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75344565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75344565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19184485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3312686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2306                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          266848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1544948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       840163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       186500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16153301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15260603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2029325                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4693709                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27739238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21309690     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585714      9.32%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389853      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963070      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       839309      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429132      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104650      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67383      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50437      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27739238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3894     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14063     42.91%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14815     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12775035     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238548      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410866      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834286      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15260603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32772                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58314541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18186981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15004532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15293375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274114                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          512                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       419029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        546258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16157513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1544948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2305                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10990                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129514                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       263497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15032884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2158471                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2103539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           834044                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.474893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15004816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15004532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8918662                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23361014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.473998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2336842                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       232156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27320209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21672850     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618597      9.58%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1098811      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658589      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456541      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295524      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153117      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123123      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243057      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27320209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11264741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13820789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2092718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1270817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1978320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12459692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       243057                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43234705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32734391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                343345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3916042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13820789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.810121                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.810121                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       67808791                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20831271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15111542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2190339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175798                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1465484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1440333                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5302                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23211398                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12451557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2190339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1568826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2776948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        579056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       886657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1405438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     27277319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       24500371     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         428034      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211127      0.77%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         421970      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         131452      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         391505      1.44%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60423      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96902      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1035535      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     27277319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.393343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       23010194                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1093579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2771210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       400070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       203290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13899349                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5132                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       400070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       23033897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        700872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       318708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2747429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        76339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13878051                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        57434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18160273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62851836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62851836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14682606                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3477664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          180251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2528445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       399215                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        89615                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13806077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12911484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2524086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5186863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27277319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21617720     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1758398      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1921621      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103948      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562747      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140774      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164918      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3910      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3283      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27277319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21197     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8721     23.50%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7188     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10110109     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99581      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2305267     17.85%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395625      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12911484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.407872                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37106                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53146142                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16332046                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12581665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12948590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9934                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       400070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        617923                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13807931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2528445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399215                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68182                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       186086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12748573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2273238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2668821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1940007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           395583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.402725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12584650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12581665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7621209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16493617                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.462070                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10027692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11265784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2542692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26877249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22692740     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636448      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058750      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331812      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557301      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105979      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67628      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61195      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365396      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26877249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10027692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11265784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2398868                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2010043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1730662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9837732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       365396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40320290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28017361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                520723                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4378426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10027692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11265784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10027692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.156833                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.156833                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.316773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.316773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59295402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16369011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14800758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2740729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2282149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1048989                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1001222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11694                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23833148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             15033140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2740729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1295257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             3132776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        697085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2219935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1481119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     29637023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       26504247     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         192112      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         243885      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         385971      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         160026      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         206824      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         241649      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         109958      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1592351      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     29637023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.474895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23699533                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2374219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         3117693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       443977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       416747                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     18369076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       443977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23724203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         77289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2229180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         3094605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        67759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     18255389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        47038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     25503577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     84886908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     84886908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     21326760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        4176817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2320                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          240914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1707320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       893324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       201201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         17821968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        17093616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2167752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4416053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29637023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22394084     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3303902     11.15%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1349824      4.55%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757700      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1025576      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314924      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310387      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167288      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13338      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29637023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118366     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15616     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15279     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14401424     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233565      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2115      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1566230      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       890282      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     17093616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.539985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149261                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63990873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19994281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16648820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     17242877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12864                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       443977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         58863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17826423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1707320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       893324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141023                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       288519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16795915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1541040                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2431210                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2375271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           890170                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.530580                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             16648924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            16648820                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9975469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        26787993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.525934                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12407189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     15288780                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2537740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       252506                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29193046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22722643     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3279168     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1189406      4.07%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593901      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542735      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228362      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225510      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107281      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304040      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29193046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     12407189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     15288780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2267309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1386321                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2216081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13764882                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       315705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       304040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           46715435                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          36097032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                362958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2018722                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          12407189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            15288780                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     12407189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.551403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.551403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       75576638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      23267798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      16993226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2220946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1816177                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       940358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875605                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         228159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21564498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12595395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2220946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1103764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2639474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        636185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1061196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1327820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25677227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23037753     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         142717      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         225889      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         358317      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         149689      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         169481      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         176517      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         116079      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1300785      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25677227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21362092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1265606                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2631145                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6620                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       411762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       363902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15381319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1649                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       411762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       21393871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        268436                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       902509                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2606538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        94109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15369654                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         4432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        34662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6816                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21330122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     71493290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     71493290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     18193105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3136978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4043                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2285                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          280186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1469249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       788920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       178065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15347191                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4053                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14525714                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1946193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4331984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          506                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25677227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19549140     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2462116      9.59%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345091      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       914862      3.56%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       857200      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       247477      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191254      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65575      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44512      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25677227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3338     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10145     38.19%     50.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13084     49.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12167704     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       229067      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1758      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1343978      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       783207      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14525714                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26567                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54774282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17297639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14290809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14552281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        44936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          940                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       411762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        177188                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13113                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15351272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2414                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1469249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       788920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2282                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       125721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       253146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14318586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1264998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2047755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2015210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           782757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.452322                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14291052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14290809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8356057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21826216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.451444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10686271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13098743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2252557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       223733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25265465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19945210     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577845     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003552      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540139      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404156      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225331      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139837      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124084      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305311      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25265465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10686271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13098743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1964028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1200799                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1880182                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11803012                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       266084                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       305311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           40311376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          31114428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                351447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5978518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10686271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13098743                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10686271                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.962282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.962282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.337578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.337578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       64572341                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19807824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14346817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2190461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1465272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1439888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23200421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12450469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2190461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1568158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2776473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        577788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       895654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1404532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27274027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24497554     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         427972      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         210854      0.77%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         422083      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         131388      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         391442      1.44%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          60577      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          96800      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1035357      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27274027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.069196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.393308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22998526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1103201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2770852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       399230                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       203386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13897682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         5132                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       399230                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23022197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        702772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       326277                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2747122                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        76425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13876965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        10734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        57548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18159961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62844928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62844928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14685298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3474643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          179391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2528047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       399330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        90919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13804366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12911796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2520294                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5177676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27274027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21614351     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757497      6.44%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1922753      7.05%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104481      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562015      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140658      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165153      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3870      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3249      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27274027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21251     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8723     23.48%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7177     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10109884     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99540      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2305762     17.86%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395708      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12911796                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53143665                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16326538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12582390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12948947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       399230                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        619509                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13806218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2528047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       185789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12749379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2273804                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2669475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1940233                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           395671                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12585349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12582390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7621057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16492252                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.397476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.462099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10029971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11268063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       174088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26874797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22690206     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636419      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058776      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331518      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557488      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105769      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67572      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61083      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365966      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26874797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10029971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11268063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2399547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             2010721                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1731044                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9839630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       138375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       365966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40315557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28013106                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                520317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4381718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10029971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11268063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10029971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.156115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.156115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.316845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.316845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59299312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16370371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14800246                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.855829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.011537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.746027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.095470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   943.276364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1056.737968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.460584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.515985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631479148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1682015842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631479148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1682015842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631479148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1682015842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817374.322645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830215.124383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817374.322645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830215.124383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817374.322645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830215.124383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456191610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504093193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456191610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504093193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456191610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504093193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729554.914830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742395.455577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729554.914830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742395.455577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729554.914830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742395.455577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.367555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         171181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        49.345921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.636013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.227636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   654.985404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1337.518502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.319817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.653085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3321                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3323                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79476891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172999086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1252475977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79476891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172999086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1252475977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79476891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1172999086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1252475977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1986922.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849999.337681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882025.335915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1986922.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849999.337681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882025.335915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1986922.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849999.337681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882025.335915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75961244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050209745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1126170989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75961244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050209745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1126170989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75961244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1050209745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1126170989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899031.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761573.419144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793637.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899031.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761573.419144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793637.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899031.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 761573.419144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 793637.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2069                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.556457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        47.296719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.631102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.933639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   877.306361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1098.685355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.428372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.536467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4083                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4084                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2068                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83595369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1729876660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1813472029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83595369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1729876660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1813472029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83595369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1729876660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1813472029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2143471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 852575.978314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876920.710348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2143471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 852575.978314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876920.710348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2143471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 852575.978314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876920.710348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1184                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1184                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80170367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1551703295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631873662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80170367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1551703295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631873662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80170367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1551703295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631873662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.331970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055650.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 764762.589946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789107.186654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055650.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 764762.589946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789107.186654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055650.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 764762.589946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789107.186654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.487454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.869065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   524.866985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1455.332230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.256283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.710611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102706332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    872986532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     975692864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102706332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    872986532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      975692864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102706332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    872986532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     975692864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2852953.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812836.621974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879002.580180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2852953.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812836.621974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879002.580180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2852953.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812836.621974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879002.580180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99545532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    778657331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878202863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99545532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    778657331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878202863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99545532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    778657331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878202863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2765153.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725006.825885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791173.750450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2765153.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725006.825885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791173.750450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2765153.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725006.825885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791173.750450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3497                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.567061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         137493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        24.795852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.602020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.991343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   939.380840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1074.592858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.458682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.524704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 898                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4359                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4360                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3499                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3174366290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3233234733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8698262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8698262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3183064552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3241932995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58868443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3183064552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3241932995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.443121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917712.139347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925632.617521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1449710.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449710.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918633.348341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926531.293227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1731424.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 918633.348341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926531.293227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                542                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     542                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2870641331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2926524574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8171462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8171462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2878812793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2934696036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55883243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2878812793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2934696036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.443121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829904.981498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837825.529344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1361910.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1361910.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830826.202886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838724.217205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1643624.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830826.202886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838724.217205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         4095                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.936386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         167498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         6143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        27.266482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.976018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.583232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1301.239512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         728.137624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.635371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.355536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4781                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4782                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                4089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 4095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4058                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                4095                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54595935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3899444499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3954040434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10198098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10198098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54595935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3909642597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3964238532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54595935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3909642597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3964238532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              8868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               8877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              8877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1475565.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 962350.567374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966994.481291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1699683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1699683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1475565.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 963440.758255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968068.017582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1475565.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 963440.758255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968068.017582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                710                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     710                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            4095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           4095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51347335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3543607479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3594954814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9671298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9671298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51347335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3553278777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3604626112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51347335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3553278777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3604626112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1387765.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 874532.941510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879177.014918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1611883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1611883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1387765.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 875623.158452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880250.576801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1387765.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 875623.158452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880250.576801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3528                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.558776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         137482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.660448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.592927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.543018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   937.354856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1077.067975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.457693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.525912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4355                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4356                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3495                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3529                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45874740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3220014106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3265888846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7769384                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7769384                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45874740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3227783490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3273658230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     45874740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3227783490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3273658230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349257.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 922904.587561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927019.258019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1294897.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1294897.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349257.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 923543.201717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927644.723718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1349257.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 923543.201717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927644.723718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42888558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2913598763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2956487321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7242584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7242584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42888558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2920841347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963729905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     42888558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2920841347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963729905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1261428.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 835081.330754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839195.946920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1207097.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1207097.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1261428.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 835719.984835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839821.452253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1261428.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 835719.984835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839821.452253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3533                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.562256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         137484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        24.638710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.599950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.717952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   940.611424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1073.632930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.459283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.524235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4354                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4355                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3534                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3207324372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3265837455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7233184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7233184                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3214557556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3273070639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58513083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3214557556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3273070639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 918214.821643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925690.888605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1205530.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1205530.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 918707.503858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926165.998585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1671802.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 918707.503858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926165.998585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     545                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2900610527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2956049721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6706384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2907316911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962756105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55439194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2907316911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962756105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.445562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830406.678214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837882.573980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1117730.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117730.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830899.374393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838357.698076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1583976.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830899.374393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838357.698076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1422                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.415315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         171189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        49.334006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.644271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.764291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   657.153167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1334.853585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.320876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.651784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3327                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3329                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1421                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1169771255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1258995743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1169771255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1258995743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89224488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1169771255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1258995743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846433.614327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885992.781844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846433.614327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885992.781844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2287807.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846433.614327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885992.781844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1046875092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1132672809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1046875092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1132672809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85797717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1046875092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1132672809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758055.823316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797656.907746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758055.823316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797656.907746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2199941.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758055.823316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797656.907746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3508                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.555518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         137453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        24.744014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.662744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.282336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   940.393301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1073.217137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.459176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.524032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4330                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4331                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3509                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72595102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3238975288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3311570390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8708920                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8708920                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72595102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3247684208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3320279310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72595102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3247684208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3320279310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016530.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934229.964811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945352.666286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1451486.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1451486.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016530.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 935123.584221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946218.099174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016530.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 935123.584221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946218.099174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                541                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     541                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69432539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2934488495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3003921034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8182120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8182120                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69432539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2942670615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3012103154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69432539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2942670615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3012103154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.445085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1928681.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 846405.680704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857528.128461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1363686.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1363686.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1928681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847299.342067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858393.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1928681.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847299.342067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858393.603306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2024                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.845501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         138560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.027505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.741971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.867208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   944.365713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1053.870609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.461116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.514585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4042                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588844859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1640887716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588844859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1640887716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52042857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1588844859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1640887716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798013.490206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810715.274704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798013.490206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810715.274704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1577056.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 798013.490206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810715.274704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414003384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463148841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414003384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463148841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49145457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1414003384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1463148841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.330073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.581115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722899.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.581115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722899.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1489256.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710197.581115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722899.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2050                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.553654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         194601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        47.521612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.677183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.274007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   875.947325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1102.655139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.427709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.538406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                2182                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4065                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4066                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2049                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1759539671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1810842572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1759539671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1810842572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51302901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1759539671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1810842572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              6097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            2182                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               6115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              6115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873220.680397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883768.946803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873220.680397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883768.946803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1508908.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 873220.680397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883768.946803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1172                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1172                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1582641238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630956734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1582641238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630956734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     48315496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1582641238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630956734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.331414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785429.894789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795976.932162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785429.894789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795976.932162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1421044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785429.894789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795976.932162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.855454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         138573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.013991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.746727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.142276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   944.677976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1053.288475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.461269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.514301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4056                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4057                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65305232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1586542925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1651848157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65305232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1586542925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1651848157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65305232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1586542925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1651848157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.330189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2106620.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795259.611529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815324.855380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2106620.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795259.611529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815324.855380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2106620.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795259.611529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815324.855380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62581434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1411313900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473895334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62581434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1411313900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473895334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62581434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1411313900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473895334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.330189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.329698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2018755.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 707425.513784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727490.293189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2018755.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 707425.513784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727490.293189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2018755.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 707425.513784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727490.293189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.489859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         194240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.565769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.421915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.868590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   524.599609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1455.599745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.256152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.710742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3380                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    115629985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    887469624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1003099609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    115629985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    887469624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1003099609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    115629985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    887469624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1003099609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3211944.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826321.810056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903693.341441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3211944.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826321.810056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903693.341441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3211944.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 826321.810056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903693.341441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112469185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    793145349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905614534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112469185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    793145349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905614534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    112469185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    793145349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905614534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.241240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3124144.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738496.600559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815868.949550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3124144.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738496.600559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815868.949550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3124144.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738496.600559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 815868.949550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3519                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.565638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         137448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        24.694215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.682956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.298181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   938.405896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1076.178605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.525478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 887                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4328                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4329                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3486                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3520                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56093716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3257275795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3313369511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7370610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7370610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56093716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3264646405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3320740121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56093716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3264646405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3320740121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1649815.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 935998.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.381616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1228435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1228435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1649815.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936502.124211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943392.079830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1649815.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936502.124211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943392.079830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                543                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     543                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53107317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2951680820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3004788137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6843810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6843810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53107317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2958524630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3011631947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53107317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2958524630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3011631947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.446122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1561979.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848184.143678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855090.534149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1140635                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1140635                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1561979.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848687.501434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855577.257670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1561979.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848687.501434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855577.257670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.846659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.969846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.741797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.309663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   947.050263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1051.744937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.462427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.513547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601189836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1679129257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601189836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1679129257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601189836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1679129257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800995.415708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826750.003447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800995.415708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826750.003447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800995.415708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826750.003447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425652737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500782558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425652737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500782558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425652737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500782558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347806.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713182.959980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738937.743968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347806.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713182.959980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738937.743968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347806.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713182.959980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738937.743968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.754866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.150538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.584476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35123.073039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.428976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.571024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9357464559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9357464559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9360642817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9360642817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9360642817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9360642817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443397.676223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443397.676223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442771.998344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442771.998344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442771.998344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442771.998344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912517650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912517650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913107502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913107502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1913107502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1913107502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 317009.390022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317009.390022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316634.806687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316634.806687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316634.806687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316634.806687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.651845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074580846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2078492.932302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.651845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1445309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1445309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1445309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1445309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92916016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92916016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92916016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92916016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92916016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92916016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1445364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1445364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1445364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1445364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1689382.109091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689382.109091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1689382.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689382.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1689382.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689382.109091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79953396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79953396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79953396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79953396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     79953396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79953396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903652.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903652.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1903652.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903652.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164026353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33089.843252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.942154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.057846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.866962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.133038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       995302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       836130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1831432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1831432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1831432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1831432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        15229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        15229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5254963526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5254963526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8562798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8562798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5263526324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5263526324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5263526324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5263526324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1010427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       836234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1846661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1846661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1846661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1846661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 347435.605025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347435.605025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82334.596154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82334.596154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345625.210060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345625.210060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345625.210060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345625.210060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1399718704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1399718704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1400872504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400872504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1400872504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400872504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 298893.594704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298893.594704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297994.576473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297994.576473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297994.576473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297994.576473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              513.053181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076045531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2061389.906130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.406146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.647035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.771870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1377704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1377704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1377704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1377704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1377704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1377704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119276055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119276055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119276055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119276055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119276055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119276055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1377760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1377760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1377760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1377760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1377760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1377760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2129929.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2129929.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2129929.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2129929.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2129929.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2129929.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84006695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84006695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84006695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84006695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84006695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84006695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100167.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100167.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100167.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100167.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2100167.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100167.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170144395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26718.654994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.509667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.490333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       968769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        968769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       818546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       818546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1787315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1787315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1787315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1787315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          478                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8706067767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8706067767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    297814077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297814077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9003881844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9003881844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9003881844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9003881844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       989756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       989756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       819024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       819024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1808780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1808780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1808780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1808780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 414831.455997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414831.455997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 623042.002092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 623042.002092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419468.057023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419468.057023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419468.057023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419468.057023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7347293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 667935.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2014072921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014072921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2015231893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015231893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2015231893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2015231893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 330500.971611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330500.971611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64387.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 329717.259980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329717.259980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 329717.259980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329717.259980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.891785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1077606276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2185813.947262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.891785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1482262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1482262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1482262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1482262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1482262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1482262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157948786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157948786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157948786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157948786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157948786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157948786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1482313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1482313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1482313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3097035.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3097035.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3097035.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3097035.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3097035.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3097035.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       842290                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103134590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103134590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103134590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103134590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103134590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103134590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2714068.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714068.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2714068.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714068.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2714068.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714068.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160413568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34050.852897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.777435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.222565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.866318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.133682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1180596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       877236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2057832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2057832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2057832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2057832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        11574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        11574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2604837878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2604837878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9809816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9809816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2614647694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2614647694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2614647694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2614647694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1192042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1192042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       877364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2069406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2069406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2069406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2069406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 227576.260528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227576.260528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76639.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76639.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225907.006566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225907.006566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225907.006566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225907.006566                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28984                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1100460911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100460911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1567468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1567468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1102028379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102028379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1102028379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102028379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248186.944294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248186.944294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74641.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74641.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247368.884175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247368.884175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247368.884175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247368.884175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.977115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1080520044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2058133.417143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.977115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1333567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1333567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1333567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1333567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87565379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87565379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1333619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1333619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683949.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59217142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59217142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691918.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              178809593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             22129.900124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   228.358314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    27.641686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.892025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.107975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       923300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        923300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       762632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       762632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1685932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1685932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1685932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1685932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8957278810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8957278810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83374350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83374350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9040653160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9040653160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9040653160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9040653160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       943859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       943859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       762745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       762745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1706604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1706604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1706604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1706604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 435686.502748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435686.502748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 737826.106195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 737826.106195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437338.097910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437338.097910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437338.097910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437338.097910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3488674700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3488674700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9517262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9517262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3498191962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3498191962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3498191962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3498191962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 446922.200871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446922.200871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 528736.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 528736.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447110.424591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447110.424591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447110.424591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447110.424591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              570.246203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1108830200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908485.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.118036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.128167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1302882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1302882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72003409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72003409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72003409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72003409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72003409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72003409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1309152.890909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1309152.890909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1309152.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1309152.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1309152.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1309152.890909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55003286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55003286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55003286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55003286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55003286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55003286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1447454.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447454.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1447454.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447454.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1447454.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1447454.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              440475096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 9095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48430.466850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.132417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.867583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3404352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3404352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1863519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1863519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5267871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5267871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5267871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5267871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        32320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        32320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15923295041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15923295041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46828544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46828544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15970123585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15970123585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15970123585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15970123585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3436633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3436633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1863558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1863558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5300191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5300191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5300191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5300191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493271.430284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493271.430284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1200731.897436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1200731.897436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 494125.110922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494125.110922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 494125.110922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494125.110922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4259627496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259627496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10440198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10440198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4270067694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270067694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4270067694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4270067694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 482404.019932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482404.019932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1160022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 483093.980541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483093.980541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 483093.980541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483093.980541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.522992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080516883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2058127.396190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.522992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1330406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1330406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1330406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1330406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1330406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67735773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67735773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67735773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67735773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67735773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67735773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1330456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1330456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1330456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1354715.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1354715.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1354715.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1354715.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1354715.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1354715.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46228608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46228608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46228608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46228608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     46228608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46228608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1320817.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320817.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1320817.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320817.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1320817.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1320817.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178804225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22058.256230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.394910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.605090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.892168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.107832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       920385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        920385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       760212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       760212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1680597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1680597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1680597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1680597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9215275297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9215275297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     75198057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75198057                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9290473354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9290473354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9290473354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9290473354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       941062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       760328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       760328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1701390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1701390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1701390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1701390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445677.578807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445677.578807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 648259.112069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648259.112069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 446807.740778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446807.740778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 446807.740778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446807.740778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12943                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3534627108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3534627108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8591660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8591660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3543218768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3543218768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3543218768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3543218768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451305.810521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451305.810521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477314.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477314.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451365.448153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451365.448153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451365.448153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451365.448153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.457825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1080518128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2054216.973384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.457825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1331651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1331651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1331651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1331651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1331651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1331651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88906173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88906173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1331705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1331705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1331705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1331705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1331705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1331705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1646410.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58878907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58878907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635525.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178806263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             22050.346899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.409077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.590923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.892223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.107777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       920898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        920898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       761754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       761754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1777                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1682652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1682652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1682652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1682652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9070307439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9070307439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     70468349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70468349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9140775788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9140775788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9140775788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9140775788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       941578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       761871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       761871                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1777                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1703449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1703449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1703449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1703449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 438602.874226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438602.874226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 602293.581197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602293.581197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439523.767274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439523.767274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439523.767274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439523.767274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3521834448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3521834448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8052184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8052184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3529886632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529886632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3529886632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529886632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449500.248628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449500.248628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447343.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447343.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449495.305234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449495.305234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 449495.305234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449495.305234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.092325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074582080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2082523.410853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.092325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1446543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1446543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1446543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    110311050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110311050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1446602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1869678.813559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       165447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 82723.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89682246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89682246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2187371.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              164027084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33036.673515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.955034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.044966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.867012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.132988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       995303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       836798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1832101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1832101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1832101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1832101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        15193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        15193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        15193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5165266459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5165266459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8141307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8141307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5173407766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5173407766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5173407766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5173407766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1010396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       836898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836898                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1847294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1847294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1847294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1847294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 342229.275757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342229.275757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81413.070000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81413.070000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340512.589087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340512.589087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340512.589087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340512.589087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10484                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1396910894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1396910894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1398064694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398064694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1398064694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398064694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297785.311021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297785.311021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296892.056488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296892.056488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296892.056488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296892.056488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.880882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080514683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2050312.491461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.253006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   489.627876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.784660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1328206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1328206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89600088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89600088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89600088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89600088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89600088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89600088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1792001.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1792001.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1792001.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1792001.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1792001.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1792001.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        83545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        83545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72959882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72959882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72959882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72959882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72959882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72959882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1971888.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971888.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1971888.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971888.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1971888.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971888.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178803219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             22186.774910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.370728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.629272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.892073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.107927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       919517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        919517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       760073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       760073                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1679590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1679590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1679590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1679590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9161932139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9161932139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     89979849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89979849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9251911988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9251911988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9251911988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9251911988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       940037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       940037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       760194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       760194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1700231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1700231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1700231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1700231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446487.921004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446487.921004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 743635.115702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 743635.115702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448229.833245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448229.833245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448229.833245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448229.833245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3551448525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3551448525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9527920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9527920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3560976445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560976445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3560976445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560976445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456191.204239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456191.204239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 529328.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 529328.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456359.918621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456359.918621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456359.918621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456359.918621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              553.719221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001436709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1785092.172906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.549093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.170128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1404440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1404440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1404440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1404440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60705189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60705189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1404486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1404486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1404486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1319678.021739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52382992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52382992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1540676.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221212895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35180.167780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.379193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.620807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2080105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2080105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2467053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2467053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2467053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2467053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        21010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        21010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        21010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9181637319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9181637319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3220077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9184857396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9184857396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9184857396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9184857396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2101078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2101078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2488063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2488063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2488063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2488063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437783.689458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437783.689458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87029.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437165.987435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437165.987435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 437165.987435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437165.987435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14978                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1869617909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869617909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       586108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1870204017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1870204017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1870204017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1870204017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310413.068072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310413.068072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65123.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310047.085046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310047.085046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310047.085046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310047.085046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.752261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1076043895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2081322.814313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.752261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1376068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1376068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1376068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1376068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1376068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72079947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72079947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1376117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1376117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1376117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1471019.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51667082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51667082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476202.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170141824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             26857.430781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.493724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.506276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       967332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       817421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1784753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1784753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        21345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8663930043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8663930043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    254714012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    254714012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8918644055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8918644055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8918644055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8918644055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       988232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1806098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1806098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1806098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1806098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 414542.107321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414542.107321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 572391.038202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572391.038202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417832.937690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417832.937690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417832.937690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417832.937690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5998302                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 599830.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            2182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2042361621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2042361621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1158028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2043519649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2043519649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2043519649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2043519649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336912.177664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336912.177664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64334.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64334.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336105.205428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336105.205428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336105.205428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336105.205428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              553.648421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001437664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1791480.615385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.478238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.170182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.044036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1405395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1405395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1405395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1405395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1405395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1405395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79737179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79737179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79737179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79737179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79737179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79737179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1405438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1405438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1405438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1405438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1405438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1405438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1854353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1854353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1854353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1854353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1854353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1854353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65628862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65628862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65628862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65628862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65628862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65628862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050901.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050901.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050901.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050901.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2050901.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050901.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221213864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35074.340257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.750356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.249644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.721681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.278319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2081080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2081080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2468031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2468031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2468031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2468031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21108                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9151362933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9151362933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3209757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3209757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9154572690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9154572690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9154572690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9154572690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2102151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2102151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2489139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2489139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2489139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2489139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 434310.803142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434310.803142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86750.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86750.189189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 433701.567652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433701.567652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 433701.567652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433701.567652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1868120206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1868120206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       584432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       584432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1868704638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1868704638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1868704638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1868704638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 309189.044356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309189.044356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64936.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64936.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 308825.754090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308825.754090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 308825.754090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308825.754090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.884320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1077605081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2185811.523327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.884320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1481067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1481067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1481067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1481067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1481067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1481067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    177602555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177602555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    177602555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177602555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    177602555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177602555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1481117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1481117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1481117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1481117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1481117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1481117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3552051.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3552051.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3552051.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3552051.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3552051.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3552051.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4688913                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937782.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    116079653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116079653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    116079653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116079653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    116079653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116079653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3054727.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3054727.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3054727.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3054727.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3054727.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3054727.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              160411945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34072.205820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.771946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.228054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.866297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.133703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1179662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       876551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       876551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2056213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2056213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2056213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2056213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        11564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        11564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2620623581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2620623581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9808414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9808414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2630431995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2630431995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2630431995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2630431995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1191098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       876679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       876679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2284                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2067777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2067777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2067777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2067777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 229155.612190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229155.612190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76628.234375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76628.234375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227467.311916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227467.311916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227467.311916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227467.311916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14564.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1114754405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1114754405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1567674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1567674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1116322079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116322079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1116322079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116322079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 251580.772963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251580.772963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 74651.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74651.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 250746.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250746.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 250746.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250746.199236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.958188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1080514242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2058122.365714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.958188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1327765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1327765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1327765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1327765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1327765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1327765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90655163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90655163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90655163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90655163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90655163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90655163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1327820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1327820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1327820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1327820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1327820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1327820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1648275.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1648275.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1648275.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1648275.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1648275.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1648275.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56442725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56442725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56442725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56442725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56442725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56442725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612649.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612649.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612649.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612649.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1612649.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1612649.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              178802153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             22156.400620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.346580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.653420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       918964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       759527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       759527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1678491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1678491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1678491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1678491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9139131439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9139131439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     78587540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78587540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9217718979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9217718979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9217718979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9217718979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       939423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       759645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       759645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1699068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1699068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446704.699106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446704.699106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 665996.101695                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 665996.101695                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447962.238373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447962.238373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447962.238373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447962.238373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3569823040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3569823040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8189610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8189610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3578012650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3578012650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3578012650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3578012650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457904.443304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457904.443304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 454978.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454978.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457897.702841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457897.702841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 457897.702841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457897.702841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.567365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001436757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1788279.923214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.397222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.170143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1404488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1404488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1404488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1404532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1404532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              221214027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35107.764958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.568730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.431270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2081242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2081242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       386952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2468194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2468194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2468194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2468194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9175280460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9175280460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3046341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3046341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9178326801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9178326801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9178326801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9178326801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2102335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2102335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       386989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2489324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2489324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2489324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2489324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434991.725217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434991.725217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82333.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82333.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434374.197870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434374.197870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434374.197870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434374.197870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882272116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882272116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882849016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882849016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882849016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882849016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311840.973492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311840.973492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311472.128371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311472.128371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311472.128371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311472.128371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
