
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093932                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93931938399                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606541141287                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 318804                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1780230                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52763.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16821344380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21389818413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3613696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2214272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1603968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3635456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1248000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1617920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3315072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3722240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2237824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2222592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2176896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2251008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3288832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1271424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1623040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1606656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             37728128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9934976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9934976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        28402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        29080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                294751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           77617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                77617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     38471430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23573153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        54508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17075853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38703087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13286216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17224386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        54508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35292277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        59958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39626990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23823888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23661728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23175248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23964245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35012926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13535588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        55870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17278894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17104470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               401653885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        49057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        54508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        53145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        54508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        59958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        55870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             843504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105767816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105767816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105767816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        53145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     38471430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        49057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23573153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        54508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17075853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        53145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38703087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        53145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13286216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        55870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17224386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        54508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35292277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        59958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39626990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23823888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        46331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23661728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23175248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23964245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        53145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35012926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        50419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13535588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        55870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17278894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        57233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17104470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              507421701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17533683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15821857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6583042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6270910                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185892787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110313712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17533683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7240696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21813417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2882547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4398885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10669335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214046239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192232822     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         778385      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593484      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667474      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3627029      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3224766      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         627192      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1308973      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9986114      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214046239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184850928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5452042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21734350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1940652                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1538724                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129353901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1940652                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185040009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3909273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       953752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21626499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       576048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129287546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           88                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       243352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       210222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3423                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151784233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608973139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608973139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17061369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15005                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7571                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1458817                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30513857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437227                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139753                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       744117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129038893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15051                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124106548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9890872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23681767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214046239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169976162     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13178721      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10833810      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4678525      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937523      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5754983      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267687      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257121      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161707      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214046239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314481     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449448     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71037      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77844569     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084222      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29766565     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403760     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124106548                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834966                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465158794                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138947973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123048842                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126941514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222997                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165814                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91891                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1940652                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3585396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129054016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30513857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437227                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1076750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123239851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29664977                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45067454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16145093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.547109                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123052728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123048842                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66448866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130906757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507605                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11550097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       938627                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212105587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169511107     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15530018      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290527      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211894      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959642      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392802      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626430      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456880      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126287      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212105587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1126287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340045466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260073791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4076808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11210209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.252564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.252564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609290677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142886211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154058605                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17102756                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15266956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1362130                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11419598                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11166952                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1027415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180766921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             97107941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17102756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12194367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21649961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4463867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2737302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10933897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1336986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    208248270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186598309     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3301719      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1660065      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3263740      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1049283      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3026652      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         477210      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         773277      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8098015      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    208248270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      178482770                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5062750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21607292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        17383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3078071                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1618886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        16017                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    108631829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        30400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3078071                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      178736931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3075343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21374348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       772581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    108475484                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        84405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       623808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    142153295                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    491600329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    491600329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    115352618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26800657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        14571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1656156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     19565963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3177495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       721327                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        107915116                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       101081160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19419391                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39735091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208248270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163885665     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14033581      6.74%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14797833      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8610576      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4437033      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111031      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316402      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30706      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25443      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208248270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168747     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69334     23.48%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57162     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79264920     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792393      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17866497     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3150154      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    101081160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295243                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410770213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127349385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98521999                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    101376403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        78969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3978494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3078071                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2058151                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107929810                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19565963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3177495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2082                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       920445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       522636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1443081                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99802437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17610403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1278721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20760376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       15174675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3149973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443061                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             98544823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            98521999                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        59614968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       129820692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78492747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     88371138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19563116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1353563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205170199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172267089     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12925872      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8305873      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2616534      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4337728      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846428      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536766      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491002      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2842907      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205170199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     78492747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     88371138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18691924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            15587464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         13559102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        77229211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1105275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2842907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          310261260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         218949016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4017661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17008178                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          78492747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            88371138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     78492747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.869774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.869774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      463908711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     128369537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115377894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18586108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15205664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1810825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7655282                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7314262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919141                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82513                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178907412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            103947241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18586108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9233403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21689709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4943325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4236012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10942424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1812910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    207942018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      186252309     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1006013      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1600415      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2176795      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2236572      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1895031      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1066660      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1578746      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10129477      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    207942018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082511                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      177091416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6067286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21651204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23582                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3108527                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3061555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          359                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    127550608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1893                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3108527                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      177573392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1247503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3707856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21199172                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1105565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    127510391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       149677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       482720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    177909020                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    593205125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    593205125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    154300568                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       23608445                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        31503                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3291751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     11927900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6470492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1553062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127369103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       120961684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16575                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14061988                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33695110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1019                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207942018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156754410     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21051430     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10653645      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8046559      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6325025      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2563105      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598613      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837864      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111367      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207942018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23089     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73972     36.88%     48.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103514     51.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101731741     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1808357      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15166      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10956017      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6450403      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    120961684                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536995                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450082536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141463192                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119164312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    121162259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1904216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          494                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3108527                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        998034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107418                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127400844                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11927900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          494                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018609                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2071174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119308360                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10310653                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1653324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           16760805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16952841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6450152                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529656                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            119164538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           119164312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68399583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       184313760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.529016                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89946929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    110678253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16722629                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1833751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204833491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159427412     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22509684     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8497112      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4053686      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3419939      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958626      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1710311      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775233      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2481488      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204833491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89946929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    110678253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16400339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10023682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15959846                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        99719850                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2279087                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2481488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329752261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         257910351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2707674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17314430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89946929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           110678253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89946929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.504326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.504326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.399309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.399309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      536972554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     165982296                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118247527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17530862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15821134                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6600868                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6271238                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40812                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185875488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110278468                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17530862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7240771                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21809183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2881802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4416941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10669026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    214041419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      192232236     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         778078      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1593264      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         667373      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3628180      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3226433      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         627719      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1307317      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9980819      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    214041419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077826                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      184832743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5471038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21729722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        68591                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1939319                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1536626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129314912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2702                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1939319                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185021250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3936714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       947229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21623137                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       573764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129248355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           73                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       243846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       209027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2891                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    151738347                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    608780140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    608780140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    134693940                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17044390                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14994                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7560                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1451847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30504567                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15432210                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139693                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       747381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        128999697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15041                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124075194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        63497                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9877470                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23634257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214041419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169973689     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13179633      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10837958      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4680124      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5934943      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5750958      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265725      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256751      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161638      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214041419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314089     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448614     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71031      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77827028     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083553      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7431      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29757155     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15400027     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124075194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465089034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138895370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123018645                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    126908928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          476                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11002                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1939319                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3612225                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129014816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30504567                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15432210                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7563                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3171                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1077558                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123208078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29655802                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45054609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16141497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15398807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546968                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123022527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123018645                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66429670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       130864156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.546127                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507623                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99978292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117490789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11536523                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       939201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212102100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169514160     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15529436      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7290472      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7209116      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960473      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8388567      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626943      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456788      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126145      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212102100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     99978292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117490789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44683306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29341407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15515307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104477329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1137954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1126145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          340002968                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         259994145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4077294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              11215029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          99978292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117490789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     99978292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.253054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.253054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443842                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443842                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      609130567                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     142853272                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154012372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20414467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16994431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1855107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7816423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7466720                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2197755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177599315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111992107                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20414467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9664475                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23343353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5163631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5992331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11028927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1773300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    210226722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      186883369     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1432853      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1798207      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2873411      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1205892      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1550484      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1806658      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         830262      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11845586      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    210226722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      176555191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7137095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23232227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        10984                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3291217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3110066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136900753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2173                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3291217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      176734234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        571585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6066312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23064166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       499201                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136056094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        71816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       348143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    190015997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    632694272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    632694272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    159027239                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30988729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33074                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17303                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1753384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12740293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6664744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1513039                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132845441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       127464767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16088528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32743767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1376                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210226722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156220411     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24628314     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10075340      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5640890      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7646944      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2356534      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313775      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246105      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98409      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210226722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877663     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119814     10.78%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113636     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107379482     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742586      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15771      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11682498      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6644430      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    127464767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565865                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466396083                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148967769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124144789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128575880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94982                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2404417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          609                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3291217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        434705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132878643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12740293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6664744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17303                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          609                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097486                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2140755                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125244349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11490189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2220417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18133999                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17713095                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6643810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.556008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            124145212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           124144789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74374921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       199802980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.551126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92518833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114004431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18874732                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1870951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206935505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158684617     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24453206     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8879558      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4423174      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4044648      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1697733      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1682259      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800704      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269606      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206935505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92518833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114004431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16903954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10335872                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15872                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16524342                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102641407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2354193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2269606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          337544412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269049571                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2693093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              15029726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92518833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114004431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92518833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.434709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.434709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      563536863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     173467342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     126610632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31790                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18585872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15207311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7710463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7315501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178867658                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            103922391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18585872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9235679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21692511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4942941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4220217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10941052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813501                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    207888102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186195591     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1011541      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1605153      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2174498      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2237014      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1895725      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1065656      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1571606      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10131318      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    207888102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      177048027                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6055238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21653822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        23655                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3107357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3059562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127522164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3107357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177535349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1247084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3693888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21196304                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1108117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    127477453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       149884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       483854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    177866190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    593051740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    593051740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154265972                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       23600201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        31710                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3302342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11930321                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6466895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1548916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127323315                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       120929832                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14051234                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33619096                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207888102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156711880     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21049276     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10657527      5.13%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8034474      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6322830      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2562145      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600425      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838875      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110670      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207888102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23211     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73966     36.87%     48.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103426     51.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101705911     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1805998      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15163      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10955977      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6446783      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    120929832                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200603                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449964880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141406871                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119124171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    121130435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247183                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1908837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          502                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3107357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        996519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107593                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127355268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11930321                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6466895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16547                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          502                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2072047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119268769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10308763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1661059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16755293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16947982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6446530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529480                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            119124409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           119124171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        68384277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       184275543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89926804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110653585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16701710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30585                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1834529                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204780745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159387306     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22503824     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8492485      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4053087      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3419499      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1957549      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1710822      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774527      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2481646      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204780745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89926804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110653585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16396756                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10021478                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15258                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15956301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99697638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2278593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2481646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          329653770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         257818020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2707215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17368346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89926804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110653585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89926804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.504887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.504887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.399220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.399220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      536805906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     165933911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118217154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225256446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18269797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14942000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7523269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7201517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1878389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177222993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103706436                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18269797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9079906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21728135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5188674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10898322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    205417904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      183689769     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1179520      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1858116      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2963212      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1226596      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1367533      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1465001      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         953499      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10714658      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    205417904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      175586350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      4749280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21660043                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        55358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3366870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2995194                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126631866                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2853                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3366870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      175858947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1520374                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2442656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21448127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       780927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126559534                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        21940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       217194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       295130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38616                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175705370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    588762619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    588762619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    149911022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25794348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17678                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2344762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12053617                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6478453                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126381432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32261                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119572299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147319                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16110442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35890723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3029                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205417904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155017046     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20223533      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11053803      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7541462      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7062127      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2028241      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1585082      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536311      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370299      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205417904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28006     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86779     38.79%     51.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108923     48.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100169663     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1892684      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14494      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11047965      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6447493      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119572299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530827                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223708                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444933529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142525424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117649815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119796007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2159517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       188855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3366870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126413816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49104                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12053617                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6478453                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        77743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039682                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018858                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2058540                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117871221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10389601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1701078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16835505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16579951                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6445904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117650773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117649815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68788267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       179757001                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88058433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    107936340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18477654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29232                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1820032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202051034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158234483     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21222106     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8259290      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4449757      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3332697      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1860753      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1148839      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026076      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517033      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202051034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88058433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    107936340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16183698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9894100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15493989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97258364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2192607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2517033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          325947410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256195051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2860143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19838542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88058433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           107936340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88058433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      531535814                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163082377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118107568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17525157                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15813860                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       917233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6503876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6268368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968903                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40651                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185761325                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            110245340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17525157                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7237271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21800575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2880583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4425663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10661289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       921753                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    213928045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      192127470     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         778126      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1592966      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         666938      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3624990      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3223078      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         627281      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1307517      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9979679      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    213928045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489421                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      184720138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5478321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21720927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        68656                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1939997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1538257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129272507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1939997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      184907858                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3943605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       948142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21614835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       573602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129205670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       244164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       208476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3289                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    151688390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    608578709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    608578709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    134633907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       17054483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        14990                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7560                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1450477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     30491701                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15426287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       748680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        128957463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15035                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       124020788                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9892009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23698526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    213928045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169883736     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13169954      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10830914      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4678925      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5933107      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5749013      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3263602      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257226      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161568      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    213928045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313747     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2447611     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70931      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77791798     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083568      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7428      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29745218     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15392776     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    124020788                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550576                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2832289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464866836                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138867633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    122964490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    126853077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          467                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3135                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10994                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1939997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       3618413                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128972585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30491701                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15426287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7561                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111886                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3135                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1075469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123155460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29643711                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           45035257                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16134851                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15391546                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            122968414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           122964490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66403798                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       130815466                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545887                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99931773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    117436551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11549173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       937333                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    211988048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169420631     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15519993      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7287049      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7208114      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1958405      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8385620      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626434      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456622      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125180      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    211988048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     99931773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    117436551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             44660605                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            29326446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15508321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       104429131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1137524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1125180                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          339848293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         259911646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4073162                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              11328403                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          99931773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           117436551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     99931773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.254102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.254102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      608865235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     142789118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     153958796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18324533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15026223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1793146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7728687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7175102                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80829                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174980706                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104104010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18324533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9057807                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22908220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5070145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5748887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10774735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1779163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    206886876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      183978656     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2479010      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2865765      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1582634      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1838825      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1004866      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         680413      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1773125      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10683582      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    206886876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      173582076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7174674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22728348                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       169515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3232260                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2974680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        16803                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127092742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        83627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3232260                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      173847286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2533114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3886617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22643865                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       743731                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127015629                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       196895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       345567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          106                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    176522423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    591403136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    591403136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    150967963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25554460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18880                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1987578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12130158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6609079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       174435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1459668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126835182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       119952493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15704711                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36183508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4018                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206886876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156332033     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20346645      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10926893      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7549120      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6607898      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3391141      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809674      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528415      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395057      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206886876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31834     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110777     42.69%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116888     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100406090     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874882      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14701      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11094590      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6562230      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    119952493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447217684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142574702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117976562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    120211992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          742                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136919                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7353                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3232260                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2098515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126868961                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12130158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6609079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1003975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2045976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118195111                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10420027                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1757382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16980804                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16543030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6560777                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524714                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            117978581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           117976562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        70121332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       183640357                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88652835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    108765289                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18105015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1803544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203654616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159227523     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20598334     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8632604      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5189902      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3595755      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320983      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1201896      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968222      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1919397      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203654616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88652835                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    108765289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16475207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10003047                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15565844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        98056486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2212776                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1919397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          328604925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         256972936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2676503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18369572                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88652835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           108765289                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88652835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.540883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.540883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      533202504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     163742374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118622351                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        29626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17116116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15276300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1359097                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11356795                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11159378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1026815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180740063                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             97206481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17116116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12186193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21662801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4468671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2728574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10931654                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1334008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    208233400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      186570599     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3301157      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1663614      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3262590      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1048895      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3019838      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         477286      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         777912      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8111509      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    208233400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      178463375                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5046430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21620184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        17505                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3085902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1622972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16018                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    108740914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        30386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3085902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      178716880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3064998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1207281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21387866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       770469                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    108584646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        84329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       621413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    142300894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    492105388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    492105388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    115396786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26904092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1654638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     19566724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3185493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       727346                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        108021607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       101150627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19496361                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39898080                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208233400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163854386     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14028947      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14798624      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8627297      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4436915      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1111486      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1318883      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30743      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26119      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208233400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169168     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69407     23.48%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57081     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79323077     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793050      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7200      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17868803     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3158497      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    101150627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.449047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295656                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410895212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127532844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98592757                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    101446283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        80456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3975706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3085902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2050943                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95283                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108036315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19566724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3185493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7366                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36557                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2021                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       916358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       525185                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1441543                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99873882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17616424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20774731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15183647                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3158307                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.443379                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             98615394                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            98592757                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        59648450                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       129931276                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78519400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     88403298                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19637423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14519                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1350537                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205147498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172233390     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12928892      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8309067      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618394      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4339347      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846103      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537134      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       490985      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844186      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205147498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     78519400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     88403298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18697169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            15591015                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         13563839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        77257953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1105876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2844186                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          310343747                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         219169772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4015146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              17023048                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          78519400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            88403298                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     78519400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.868800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.868800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      464233690                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     128457635                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     115489513                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18335490                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15036966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1799280                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7716959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7176306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80796                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175018896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104156155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18335490                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9058378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22922361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5093032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5658029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10782735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1784749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    206865168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      183942807     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2480142      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2870748      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1582447      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1838222      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1005388      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         677350      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1775620      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10692444      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    206865168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081398                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.462389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      173625047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7079432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22741985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       169631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3249070                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2974989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16813                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    127174279                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        83169                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3249070                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      173890975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2586097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3739406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22656903                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       742714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    127094461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       196728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       344887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           19                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    176621135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    591760316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    591760316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150903299                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25717821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33651                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1991463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12149299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6608630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1462864                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126907880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119966376                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15816835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36493759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4062                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206865168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156309741     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20337254      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10931112      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7554431      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6609279      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3392073      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       807742      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528616      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394920      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206865168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32236     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       113228     43.18%     55.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116738     44.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100420357     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874226      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14694      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11095793      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6561306      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119966376                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447228176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142759571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117978679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120228578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          734                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7349                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3249070                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2148989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126941694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12149299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6608630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        92880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043776                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1010091                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2053867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118200044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10419177                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1766329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16978993                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16542865                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6559816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524735                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            117980653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           117978679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        70130372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       183694642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88614906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108718750                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18223952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29642                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1809599                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203616098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159205795     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20594973     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8629643      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5182590      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3594745      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2317062      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1204526      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968837      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917927      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203616098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88614906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108718750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16468184                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9998781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15559160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98014566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2211838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1917927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          328640275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         257134550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2683432                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18391280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88614906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108718750                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88614906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      533194891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163750050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118670854                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17100776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15263205                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1362564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11415222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11161392                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1027719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180713205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             97085366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17100776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12189111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21645016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4464374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2727450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles           10                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10931202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1337309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    208179856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      186534840     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3300948      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1659963      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3262140      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1049110      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3024967      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         476564      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         773245      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8098079      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    208179856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      178417290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5064631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21602365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        17419                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3078147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1620330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        16009                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    108613603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        30433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3078147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      178672822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3079297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1205912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21368594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       775080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    108457213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        84278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       626303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    142128435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    491518128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    491518128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    115325454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26802965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1659258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     19559142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3177640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21058                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       721843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        107895884                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       101060279                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19423654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39738880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208179856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163826427     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14035269      6.74%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14789072      7.10%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8606857      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4439297      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1109995      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316880      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30620      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25439      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208179856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169065     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69460     23.49%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57212     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79252306     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792502      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17858155     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3150120      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    101060279                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448645                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410660666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127334411                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98500777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    101356016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        77775                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3978541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          259                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73186                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3078147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2056130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        95773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107910584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19559142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3177640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7373                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2044                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          259                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       920141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       524007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1444148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99780330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17602198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1279949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20752138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15172449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3149940                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             98523954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            98500777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        59599827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       129803385                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437283                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78469761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     88348152                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19566867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14512                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1354005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205101709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172205141     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12926159      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8301818      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2615473      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4336640      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847227      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       536589      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491587      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2841075      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205101709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     78469761                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     88348152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18685050                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            15580596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         13555294                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        77210025                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1105271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2841075                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          310175367                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         218910630                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4016502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17076592                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          78469761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            88348152                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     78469761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.870615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.870615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      463794343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     128342426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     115348114                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18269624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14942902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1780772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7535432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7206128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879123                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        78986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177227003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            103698824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18269624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9085251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21728656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5180502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3113977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10897160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1795057                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    205430318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      183701662     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1178341      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1861972      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2963726      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1226818      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1366826      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1466813      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         952287      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10711873      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    205430318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081106                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      175594005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      4759985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21660844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        55240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3360241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2994098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126618288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2853                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3360241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      175864621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1517849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2461679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21450462                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       775463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126546552                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        21959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       217106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       293389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        36997                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    175694329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    588703565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    588703565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    149968121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25726201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17630                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2333586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12048677                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6479358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474820                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126369969                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32224                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119581814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16065930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35783178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205430318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155019864     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20230159      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11056739      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7544083      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7060746      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027318      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584130      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536658      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370621      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205430318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27900     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85632     38.51%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108810     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100175629     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893197      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14500      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11050132      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6448356      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119581814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444963465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142469409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117663688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    119804156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359649                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          303                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1311                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7500                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3360241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1019806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126402309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12048677                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6479358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1311                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1015997                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2057433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117884234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10391712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1697580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16838419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16582769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6446707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523333                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            117664631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           117663688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68796332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       179755604                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88092047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    107977527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18424989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29242                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1818503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202070077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158236775     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21228019     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8263001      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4454220      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3333463      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862453      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147664      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027111      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517371      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202070077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     88092047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    107977527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16189886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             9897878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15499880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        97295508                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2193450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2517371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          325954637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         256165462                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2858241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19826130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          88092047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           107977527                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     88092047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.557058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.557058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      531603157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163105980                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118102907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        29214                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20403831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16988686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1854233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7822207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7470697                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2195179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177588059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            111937319                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20403831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9665876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23330488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5153413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6051927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11026603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    210252837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186922349     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1430729      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1808195      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2873854      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1198153      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1546384      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1807280      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         825460      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11840433      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    210252837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      176542280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7198154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23219604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        10958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3281833                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3105101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          530                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    136799319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2573                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3281833                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      176721128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        574589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6124892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23051766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       498622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    135957389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        71917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       347433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    189911400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    632249791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    632249791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    159018764                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30892611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17278                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1750557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12706969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6660190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1508960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132745974                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127408226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16015989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32493356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210252837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156260074     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24633849     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10065589      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5641687      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7640043      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2353435      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2314602      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245285      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98273      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210252837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878867     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117381     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113625     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107337287     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1741920      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15770      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11673286      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6639963      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127408226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565614                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109873                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466305841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148795743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124096778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    128518099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2371620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          614                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92434                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3281833                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        437201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132779147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12706969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6660190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17278                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        48323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          614                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1100139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1040413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2140552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125191226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11484836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2216996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18124111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17705281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6639275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555772                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            124097206                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           124096778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74347470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       199689923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550913                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372315                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92513918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    113998454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18781223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1870067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206971004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158721141     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24452105     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8878667      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425161      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4043332      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1701723      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1679374      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800663      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268838      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206971004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     92513918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    113998454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16903102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10335349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15870                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16523474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102636035                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2354077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2268838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          337481193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         268841217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2690217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              15003611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          92513918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           113998454                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     92513918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.434838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.434838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      563333044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     173406975                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     126551197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31786                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18569343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15194582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1813896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7708010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7314030                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82609                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178884381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103825729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18569343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9233622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21672913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4942356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4226234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10942584                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1815682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    207888387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      186215474     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1006578      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1604600      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2174227      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2235601      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1893586      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1065534      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1577028      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10115759      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    207888387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460922                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      177064692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6061039                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21634700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        23456                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3104497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3055748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127412811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3104497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      177548004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1246284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3701184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21181195                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1107220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    127371307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       149753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       483587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    177727497                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    592542852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    592542852                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    154212131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       23515356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        31709                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16550                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3297931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     11922051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6462585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1605384                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        127230756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31822                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       120865056                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13992669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33474497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207888387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156683862     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21106927     10.15%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10667539      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8012956      3.85%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6308582      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2560744      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598816      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838449      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110512      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207888387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23485     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73826     36.87%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       102910     51.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101653006     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1804616      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15157      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10949851      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6442426      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    120865056                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449835268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141255735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119064074                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    121065277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       245505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1904078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          489                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        89555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3104497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        996783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107122                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127262711                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11922051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6462585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16552                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          489                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1056971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018002                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2074973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119207396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10303531                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16745715                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16938926                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6442184                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            119064290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           119064074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68346775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       184161497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89895358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    110614907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16647831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30574                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1836802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204783890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159364971     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22535979     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8487666      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4051581      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3440207      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958814      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1694085      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775251      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2475336      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204783890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     89895358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    110614907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16391001                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10017971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15252                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15950721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        99662779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2277792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2475336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          329570668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         257630033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2709600                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              17368061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          89895358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           110614907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     89895358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.505763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.505763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.399080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.399080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      536533044                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     165854560                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118112962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225256448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18581557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15203709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1811829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7641482                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7309067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82416                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178892173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            103921247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18581557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9229381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21682893                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4945365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4234942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10942058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1813680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    207919930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186237037     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1004541      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1602381      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2173767      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2235430      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1893743      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1067270      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1576659      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10129102      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    207919930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      177072307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6070124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21644486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        23447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3109563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3058770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127518370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3109563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      177554509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1247523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3709597                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21191968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1106767                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127478684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       149811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       483347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    177879325                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    593055428                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    593055428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154267978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       23611347                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        31597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16431                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3295952                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     11926169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6466879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76230                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        127337527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31708                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120940619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14053747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33654089                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207919930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156725102     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21071903     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10654737      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8034542      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6322715      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2561546      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600035      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837984      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111366      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207919930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23428     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73589     36.80%     48.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       102929     51.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101713996     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1807597      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15163      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10956910      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6446953      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120940619                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            199946                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450017765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141423475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119137523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    121140565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       249191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1904562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          139                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91536                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3109563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        996986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127369366                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11926169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6466879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16434                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          495                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2073510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119281266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10308819                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16755516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16946974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6446697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            119137746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           119137523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68387157                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       184273314                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528897                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89927944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    110654990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16714410                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30585                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1834748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204810367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159400691     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22519301     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8492756      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4052477      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3427506      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1957619      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1705340      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774829      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2479848      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204810367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89927944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    110654990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16396950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10021607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15258                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15956512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        99698891                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2278619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2479848                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          329699295                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         257848415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2707710                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17336518                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89927944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           110654990                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89927944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.504855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.504855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399225                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399225                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      536859149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     165957304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118217032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         294869                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.437384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1881723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         327632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.743404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           227.770543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.875057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2564.293720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.902529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1609.253350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.996508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1217.782472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.104020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2557.749939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.061823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   967.607917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.924882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1219.180356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.524623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2112.232578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.426650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2600.400544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.841134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1636.479149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.818478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1573.822468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.653655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1668.416014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.690066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1583.618801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.214783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2134.062005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.841906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   968.749351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.369358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1206.816120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.600834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1195.493164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           443.084141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           351.201149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           304.736922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           442.716994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           295.254033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           299.259978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           387.064128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           373.487528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           377.935478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           356.423167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           396.098812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           343.794826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           390.746394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           276.702102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           307.397812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           319.959125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.078256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.037164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.078056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.037206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.064460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.079358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.050916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.065126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.013522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.013511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.012088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  506498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           151829                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                151829                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   508316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        23973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        43048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        32428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31585                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        23807                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  508316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                294722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 294751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                294751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6027232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4522708761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5529570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2767535572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013508840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5846472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4553260602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5872761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1571903338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6334542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2031524828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6044618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4169983344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6593781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4665984994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5739173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2826178482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2771095379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5328577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2747113013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5205448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2809729211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5855673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4153327957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5637868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1603164330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6375808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2031888843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6474659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2016393946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47349501112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       306641                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       693347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       994726                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       878732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1432688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4306134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6027232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4522708761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5529570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2767535572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013508840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5846472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4553567243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5872761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1571903338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6334542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2031524828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6044618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4169983344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6593781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4666678341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5739173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2827173208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2771974111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5328577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2748545701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5205448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2809729211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5855673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4153327957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5637868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1603164330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6375808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2031888843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6474659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2016393946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47353807246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6027232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4522708761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5529570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2767535572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2013508840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5846472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4553567243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5872761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1571903338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6334542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2031524828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6044618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4169983344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6593781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4666678341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5739173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2827173208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5108878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2771974111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5328577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2748545701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5205448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2809729211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5855673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4153327957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5637868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1603164330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6375808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2031888843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6474659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2016393946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47353807246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              801220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       151829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            151829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1847                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               803067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        49258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        49171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        36487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              803067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.405014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.057971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.048276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.093750                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.298457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.343938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.298457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.343938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154544.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160197.958381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159982.401989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155615.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160682.215306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149909.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160326.077535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150583.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161220.855179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154501.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160721.900949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151115.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161009.434496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149858.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160475.477851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155112.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161717.697528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150261.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159643.701982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148016.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161623.404895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148727.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 159770.795576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150145.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161645.830038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152374.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161397.798248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155507.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160243.599606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154158.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160643.239802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160658.183346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153320.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 173336.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 142103.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 146455.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 143268.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148487.379310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154544.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160197.958381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159982.401989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155615.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160682.215306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149909.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160325.584219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150583.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161220.855179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154501.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160721.900949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151115.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161009.434496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149858.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160477.246939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155112.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161709.844306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150261.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159639.144840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148016.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161612.612512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148727.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 159770.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150145.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161645.830038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152374.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161397.798248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155507.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160243.599606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154158.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160643.239802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160656.985883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154544.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160197.958381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153599.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159982.401989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155615.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 160682.215306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149909.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160325.584219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150583.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161220.855179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154501.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160721.900949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151115.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161009.434496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149858.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160477.246939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155112.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161709.844306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150261.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 159639.144840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148016.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161612.612512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148727.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 159770.795576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150145.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161645.830038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152374.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161397.798248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155507.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 160243.599606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154158.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160643.239802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160656.985883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                77617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     77617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           294722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            294751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        25694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           294751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3762551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2879237489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3435534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1759868387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3900660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1283831464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3580286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2900137828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3606249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004183079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1295456023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3712979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2661761842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4033795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2973421669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3586289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1808333018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3132755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1759983695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3235967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1757250783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3169640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1785313937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3587660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2657115926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1024791101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3995489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1293513658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4034753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1285481464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30187893727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       189817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       460375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       587119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       528819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       849815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2615945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3762551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2879237489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3435534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1759868387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3900660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1283831464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3580286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2900327645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3606249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004183079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1295456023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3712979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2661761842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4033795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2973882044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3586289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1808920137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3132755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1760512514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3235967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1758100598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3169640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1785313937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3587660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2657115926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1024791101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3995489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1293513658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4034753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1285481464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30190509672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3762551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2879237489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3435534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1759868387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3900660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1283831464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3580286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2900327645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3606249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004183079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1295456023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3712979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2661761842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4033795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2973882044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3586289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1808920137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3132755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1760512514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3235967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1758100598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3169640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1785313937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3587660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2657115926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3484431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1024791101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3995489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1293513658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4034753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1285481464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30190509672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.300194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.405014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.355471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.401500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.057971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.048276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.093750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.298457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.343938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.391296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.393423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.298457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.400755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.303548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.347521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.343938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96475.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101984.892640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95431.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101732.376843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97516.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102452.435081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91802.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102117.529155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92467.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102993.136308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96422.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102488.609415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92824.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102774.695625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91677.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102263.780059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96926.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103475.224193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92139.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101393.230499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89887.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103385.937695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90561.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101519.045661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91991.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103413.868063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94173.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103170.351455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97450.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102012.118139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96065.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102412.481198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102428.368859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94908.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115093.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83874.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88136.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84981.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90205                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96475.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101984.892640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95431.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101732.376843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97516.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102452.435081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91802.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102117.021513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92467.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102993.136308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96422.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102488.609415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92824.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102774.695625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91677.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102265.544842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96926.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103467.376137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92139.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101388.649735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89887.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103375.116011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90561.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101519.045661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91991.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103413.868063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94173.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103170.351455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97450.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102012.118139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96065.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102412.481198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102427.166225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96475.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101984.892640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95431.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101732.376843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97516.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102452.435081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91802.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102117.021513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92467.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102993.136308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96422.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102488.609415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92824.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102774.695625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91677.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102265.544842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96926.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103467.376137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 92139.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101388.649735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89887.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103375.116011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 90561.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101519.045661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91991.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103413.868063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94173.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103170.351455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97450.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102012.118139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96065.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102412.481198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102427.166225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              578.947978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010677173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1733580.056604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.875148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.072830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10669283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10669283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8737434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8737434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8737434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8737434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8737434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8737434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168027.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168027.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168027.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168027.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168027.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168027.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6921763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6921763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6921763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6921763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173044.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173044.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173044.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173044.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173044.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173044.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432110255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5967.879112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.877765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.122235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27996137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27996137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43326061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43326061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43326061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43326061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30388263182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30388263182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20169314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20169314                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30408432496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30408432496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30408432496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30408432496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28251441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28251441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43581592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43581592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43581592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43581592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119027.759777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119027.759777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88851.603524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88851.603524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119000.952902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119000.952902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119000.952902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119000.952902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           13648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183381                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7874666910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7874666910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4951579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4951579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7879618489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7879618489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7879618489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7879618489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109247.470346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109247.470346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71762.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71762.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109211.621469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109211.621469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109211.621469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109211.621469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              560.060624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              898749699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1593527.835106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.816396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.244228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10933852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10933852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10933852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10933852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10933852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10933852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7091513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7091513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7091513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7091513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7091513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7091513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10933897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10933897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10933897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10933897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10933897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10933897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157589.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157589.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157589.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157589.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6069515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6069515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6069515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6069515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6069515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6069515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164040.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164040.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                49258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              216598656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                49514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4374.493194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   200.436032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    55.563968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.782953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.217047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16083454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16083454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3089499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7305                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19172953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19172953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19172953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19172953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       171987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       171987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       171987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19325423997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19325423997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27447496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27447496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19352871493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19352871493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19352871493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19352871493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16255129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16255129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3089811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19344940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19344940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19344940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19344940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112569.820865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112569.820865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87972.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87972.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112525.199538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112525.199538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112525.199538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112525.199538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            5882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        49258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5088596440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5088596440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4314678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4314678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5092911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5092911118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5092911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5092911118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103439.371468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103439.371468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67416.843750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67416.843750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103392.568070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103392.568070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103392.568070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103392.568070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              516.126283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              981392739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1898245.143133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.126283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10942377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10942377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10942377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10942377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10942377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10942377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9880301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9880301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9880301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9880301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9880301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9880301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10942424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10942424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10942424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10942424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10942424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10942424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 210219.170213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210219.170213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 210219.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210219.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 210219.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210219.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8892184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8892184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8892184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8892184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8892184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8892184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211718.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211718.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211718.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160528472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                36760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4366.933406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.741641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.258359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7539096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7539096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6346560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13885656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       13885656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     13885656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      13885656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       116766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       117547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       117547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       117547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       117547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14321524661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14321524661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68035712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68035712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14389560373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14389560373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14389560373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14389560373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7655862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7655862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6347341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14003203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14003203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14003203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14003203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122651.496677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122651.496677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87113.587708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87113.587708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122415.377449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122415.377449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122415.377449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122415.377449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81043                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81043                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3740171904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3740171904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9022402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9022402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3749194306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3749194306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3749194306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3749194306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102836.730932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102836.730932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67331.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67331.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102706.396724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102706.396724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102706.396724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102706.396724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.462659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010676866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1733579.530017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.432786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.029873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10668976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10668976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10668976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10668976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10668976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10668976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7974075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7974075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7974075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7974075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7974075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7974075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10669026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10669026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10669026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159481.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159481.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159481.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159481.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159481.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159481.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6685477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6685477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6685477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167136.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167136.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167136.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167136.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167136.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167136.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                72192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432097209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                72448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5964.239303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.878535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.121465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     27986526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27986526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15326491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15326491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43313017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43313017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43313017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43313017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       255860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       256089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       256089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30512212108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30512212108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21012018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21012018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30533224126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30533224126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30533224126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30533224126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28242386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28242386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15326720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15326720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43569106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43569106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43569106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43569106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119253.545329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119253.545329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91755.537118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91755.537118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119228.956050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119228.956050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119228.956050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119228.956050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           13751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7901594991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7901594991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5130940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5130940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7906725931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7906725931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7906725931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7906725931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109557.214633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109557.214633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74361.449275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74361.449275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109523.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109523.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109523.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109523.575064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.929983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              984612436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1985105.717742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.929983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.063990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11028875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11028875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11028875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11028875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11028875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11028875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8284295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8284295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8284295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8284295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8284295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8284295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11028927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11028927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11028927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11028927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11028927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11028927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159313.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159313.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159313.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159313.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159313.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159313.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6695558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6695558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6695558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6695558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6695558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6695558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163306.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163306.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163306.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163306.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163306.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163306.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                32668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158109654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                32924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4802.261390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.273121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.726879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8798632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8798632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6534079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6534079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17054                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17054                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15332711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15332711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15332711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15332711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        85743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        85743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8957743004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8957743004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    126302061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126302061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9084045065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9084045065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9084045065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9084045065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8882488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8882488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6535966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6535966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17054                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15418454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15418454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15418454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15418454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106822.922677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106822.922677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66932.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66932.729730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105945.034172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105945.034172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105945.034172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105945.034172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        89439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14906.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7053                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        51377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3191368054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3191368054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14195607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14195607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3205563661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3205563661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3205563661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3205563661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98259.430832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.430832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75109.031746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75109.031746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98125.494704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98125.494704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98125.494704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98125.494704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.189135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              981391364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1894577.922780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.189135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10941002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10941002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10941002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10941002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10941002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10941002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10355846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10355846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10355846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10355846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10355846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10355846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10941052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10941052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10941052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10941052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10941052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10941052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207116.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207116.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207116.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207116.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207116.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207116.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8772567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8772567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8772567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8772567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204013.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204013.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204013.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204013.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 204013.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204013.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160525600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4367.805834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.744669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.255331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7537396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7537396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6345185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6345185                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13882581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13882581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13882581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13882581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       116886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       117668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       117668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14339647822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14339647822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     68765341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68765341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14408413163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14408413163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14408413163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14408413163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7654282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7654282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6345967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6345967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14000249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14000249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14000249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14000249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122680.627466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122680.627466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87935.218670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87935.218670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122449.715836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122449.715836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122449.715836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122449.715836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3751711050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3751711050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9176557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9176557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3760887607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760887607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3760887607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760887607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103176.696826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103176.696826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68481.768657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68481.768657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103049.309705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103049.309705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103049.309705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103049.309705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.982824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987001784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1858760.421846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.982824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10898269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10898269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10898269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10898269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10898269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10898269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8147519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8147519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8147519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8147519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8147519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8147519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10898322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10898322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10898322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10898322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10898322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10898322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153726.773585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153726.773585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153726.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153726.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153726.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153726.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6653834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6653834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6653834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6653834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162288.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162288.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162288.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175159623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2723.210507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.295547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.704453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7556516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7556516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6259379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6259379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13815895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13815895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13815895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13815895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       162680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       163397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       163397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19702498767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19702498767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61455352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61455352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19763954119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19763954119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19763954119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19763954119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7719196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7719196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6260096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6260096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13979292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13979292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13979292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13979292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121111.991437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121111.991437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85711.788006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85711.788006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120956.652319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120956.652319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120956.652319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120956.652319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6998916808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6998916808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7988972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7988972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7006905780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7006905780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7006905780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7006905780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109450.423920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109450.423920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67134.218487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67134.218487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109371.822056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109371.822056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109371.822056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109371.822056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              582.643912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1010669121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1718825.035714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    43.100231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   539.543681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.069071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.864653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10661231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10661231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10661231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10661231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10661231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10661231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9254801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9254801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9254801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9254801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9254801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9254801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10661289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10661289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10661289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10661289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10661289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10661289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159565.534483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159565.534483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159565.534483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159565.534483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159565.534483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159565.534483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7339833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7339833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7339833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7339833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7339833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7339833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163107.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163107.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163107.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163107.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163107.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163107.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                72128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              432078294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                72384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5969.251409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.878321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.121679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     27975349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27975349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15318759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15318759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43294108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       43294108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     43294108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      43294108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          228                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       255691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       255691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       255691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30654680948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30654680948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20753366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20753366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30675434314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30675434314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30675434314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30675434314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     28230812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28230812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15318987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15318987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43549799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43549799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     43549799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43549799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119996.558985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119996.558985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91023.535088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91023.535088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119970.723702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119970.723702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119970.723702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119970.723702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           12536                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183563                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        72128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7970123070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7970123070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5210298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5210298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7975333368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7975333368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7975333368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7975333368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110605.518672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110605.518672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75511.565217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75511.565217                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110571.946650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110571.946650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110571.946650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110571.946650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.921856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982454029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1889334.671154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.921856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10774688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10774688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10774688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10774688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10774688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10774688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7803279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7803279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7803279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7803279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7803279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7803279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10774735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10774735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10774735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10774735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10774735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10774735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166027.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166027.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166027.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166027.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166027.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166027.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6377143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6377143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6377143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6377143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6377143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6377143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167819.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167819.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167819.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167819.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167819.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167819.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                49308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166467825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                49564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3358.643875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.022500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.977500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7604333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7604333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6436777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6436777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14041110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14041110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14041110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14041110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       169049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       172748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       172748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       172748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21827715932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21827715932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    462574304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    462574304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22290290236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22290290236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22290290236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22290290236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7773382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7773382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6440476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6440476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16008                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14213858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14213858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14213858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14213858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000574                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000574                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129120.645091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129120.645091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125053.880508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125053.880508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129033.564707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129033.564707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 129033.564707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129033.564707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           16444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       119886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5141815519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5141815519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10282097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10282097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5152097616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5152097616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5152097616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5152097616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104587.098407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104587.098407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 70911.013793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70911.013793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104488.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104488.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104488.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104488.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.071110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              898747461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1599194.770463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.038164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.032947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.052946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10931614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10931614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10931614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10931614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10931614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10931614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6435021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6435021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6435021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6435021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6435021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6435021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10931654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10931654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10931654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10931654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10931654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10931654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160875.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160875.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160875.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160875.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160875.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160875.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5589783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5589783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5589783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5589783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5589783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5589783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159708.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159708.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159708.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159708.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159708.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159708.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                49232                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              216604561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                49488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4376.910786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   199.919695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    56.080305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.780936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.219064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16087666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16087666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3091182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3091182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7310                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19178848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       19178848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19178848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      19178848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          314                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       171879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       171879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19288137751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19288137751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30672707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30672707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19318810458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19318810458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19318810458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19318810458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16259231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16259231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3091496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19350727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19350727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19350727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19350727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112424.665584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112424.665584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97683.780255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97683.780255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112397.735954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112397.735954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112397.735954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112397.735954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            5706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5089963384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5089963384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4805164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4805164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5094768548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5094768548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5094768548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5094768548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103521.871624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103521.871624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 75080.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75080.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103484.899009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103484.899009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103484.899009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103484.899009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.236073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982462028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1892990.420039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.236073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10782687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10782687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10782687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10782687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10782687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10782687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7509863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7509863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7509863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7509863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7509863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7509863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10782735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10782735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10782735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10782735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10782735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10782735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156455.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156455.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156455.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156455.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156455.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156455.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5962052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5962052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5962052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161136.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161136.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161136.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161136.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161136.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161136.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166465677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3350.016643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.024258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.975742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7604833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7604833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6433979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6433979                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14038812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14038812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14038812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14038812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       169306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3752                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       173058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       173058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       173058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       173058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21865802181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21865802181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468695781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468695781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22334497962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22334497962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22334497962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22334497962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7774139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7774139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6437731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6437731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14211870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14211870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14211870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14211870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129149.600020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129149.600020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124918.918177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124918.918177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129057.876330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129057.876330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129057.876330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129057.876330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        26569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           17239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       120019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5101711293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5101711293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10719359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10719359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5112430652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112430652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5112430652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112430652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103510.282488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103510.282488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72428.101351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72428.101351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103417.227713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103417.227713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103417.227713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103417.227713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.159574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              898747004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1596353.470693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.001589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.157986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10931157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10931157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10931157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10931157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10931157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10931157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6706014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6706014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6706014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6706014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6706014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6706014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10931202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10931202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10931202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10931202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10931202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10931202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149022.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149022.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149022.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149022.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149022.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149022.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5641043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5641043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5641043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5641043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5641043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5641043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156695.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156695.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156695.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156695.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156695.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156695.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                49171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              216591625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                49427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4382.050802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   200.137963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    55.862037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.781789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.218211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16076433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16076433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3089481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19165914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19165914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19165914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19165914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       171472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       171794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       171794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       171794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       171794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19358903903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19358903903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28733313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28733313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19387637216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19387637216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19387637216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19387637216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16247905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16247905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3089803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19337708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19337708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19337708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19337708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112898.338522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112898.338522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89233.891304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89233.891304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112853.983352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112853.983352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112853.983352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112853.983352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            5835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       122623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        49171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5110592819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5110592819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4420450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4420450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5115013269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115013269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5115013269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5115013269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104072.675824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104072.675824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68006.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68006.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104024.999878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104024.999878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104024.999878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104024.999878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.678674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              987000621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1862265.322642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.678674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10897106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10897106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10897106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10897106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10897106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10897106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8141436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8141436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8141436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8141436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8141436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8141436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10897160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10897160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10897160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10897160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10897160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10897160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150767.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150767.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150767.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6370214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6370214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6370214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159255.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159255.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159255.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159255.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159255.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159255.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                64114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              175163520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                64370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2721.198074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.302017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.697983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7558058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7558058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6261777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6261777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13819835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13819835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13819835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13819835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       162846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       163566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       163566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       163566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       163566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19728826828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19728826828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62065573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62065573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19790892401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19790892401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19790892401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19790892401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7720904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7720904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6262497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6262497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13983401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13983401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13983401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13983401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121150.208344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121150.208344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86202.184722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86202.184722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120996.370890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120996.370890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120996.370890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120996.370890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        63995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6993874414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6993874414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8001139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8001139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7001875553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001875553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7001875553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001875553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109287.825830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109287.825830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67236.462185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67236.462185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109209.775603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109209.775603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109209.775603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109209.775603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              493.507172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              984610115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1993137.884615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.507172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11026554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11026554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11026554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11026554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11026554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11026554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8026030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8026030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8026030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8026030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8026030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8026030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11026603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11026603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11026603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11026603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11026603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11026603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163796.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163796.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163796.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163796.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163796.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163796.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6487445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6487445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6487445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166344.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166344.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166344.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166344.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166344.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166344.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                32723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158104748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                32979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4794.103763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.257233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.742767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8794118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8794118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6533724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6533724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15327842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15327842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15327842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15327842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        84039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        85955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        85955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        85955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        85955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9015885691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9015885691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    128511678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    128511678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9144397369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9144397369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9144397369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9144397369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8878157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8878157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6535640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6535640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15413797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15413797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15413797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15413797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107282.162936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107282.162936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67072.900835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67072.900835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106385.868990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106385.868990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106385.868990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106385.868990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       111432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22286.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        51506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3217553488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3217553488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14525613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14525613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3232079101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3232079101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3232079101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3232079101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98901.223004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98901.223004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76450.594737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76450.594737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98770.867616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98770.867616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98770.867616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98770.867616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.030650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              981392894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1894580.876448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.030650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10942532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10942532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10942532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10942532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10942532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10942532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10863238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10863238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10863238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10863238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10863238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10863238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10942584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10942584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10942584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10942584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10942584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10942584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 208908.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208908.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 208908.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208908.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 208908.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208908.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9452154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9452154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9452154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9452154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9452154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9452154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 219817.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219817.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 219817.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219817.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 219817.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219817.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                36487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              160520700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                36743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4368.742345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.741348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.258652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7534763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7534763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6342917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6342917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13877680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13877680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13877680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13877680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       116778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       117590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       117590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       117590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       117590                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14331000714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14331000714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72250382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72250382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14403251096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14403251096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14403251096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14403251096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7651541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7651541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6343729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6343729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15274                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13995270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13995270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13995270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13995270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122720.038997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122720.038997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88978.302956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88978.302956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122487.040531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122487.040531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122487.040531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122487.040531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        81103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        81103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3750809721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750809721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9560030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9560030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3760369751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760369751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3760369751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760369751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103188.800820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103188.800820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69275.579710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69275.579710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103060.535287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103060.535287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103060.535287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103060.535287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.124720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              981392371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1890929.423892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.124720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10942009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10942009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10942009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10942009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10942009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10942009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10707025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10707025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10707025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10707025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10707025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10707025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10942058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10942058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10942058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10942058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10942058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10942058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 218510.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218510.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 218510.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218510.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 218510.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218510.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9675716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9675716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9675716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9675716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9675716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9675716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219902.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219902.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219902.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219902.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219902.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219902.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              160523713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4367.873337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.740895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.259105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7535523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7535523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6345275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6345275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13880798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13880798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13880798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13880798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       116868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       117625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       117625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14289296975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14289296975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66254008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66254008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14355550983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14355550983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14355550983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14355550983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7652391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7652391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6346032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6346032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13998423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13998423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13998423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13998423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122268.687536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122268.687536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87521.807133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87521.807133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122045.066806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122045.066806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122045.066806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122045.066806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3748194871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3748194871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8990308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8990308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3757185179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3757185179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3757185179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3757185179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103074.328209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103074.328209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68628.305344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68628.305344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102950.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102950.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102950.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102950.683080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
