
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 278686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   352946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 184303                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 57716.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16084682189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20370692428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       206592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       209152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       363520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       390400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       108928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3497600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1191296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1191296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22285517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19421611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13405003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19662275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34174334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34679729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36701310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34679729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10240267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               328807636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6870967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         111993144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              111993144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         111993144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       348963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22285517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       421163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19421611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13405003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19662275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       433196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34174334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34679729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36701310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     19566010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34679729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10240267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              440800780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1738019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1556422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       139343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1165593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1149945                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18456035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              9887414                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1738019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1250711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2202694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        461512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       758359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1117609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       136457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21738510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19535816     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         341053      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         164542      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         336912      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         103261      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         313340      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          48044      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          77851      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         817691      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21738510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18290129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       928748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2198252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       159233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1787                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11015460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18309434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        600001                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       268273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2178675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        62488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     10998268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        47438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14364758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     49778221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     49778221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11594077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2770681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          144705                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2025483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       312588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        70896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         10940476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10225790                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2017884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4154549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21738510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17256226     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1387894      6.38%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1527668      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       875328      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       444110      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       111898      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129655      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3132      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2599      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21738510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16564     56.93%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6931     23.82%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5602     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7991226     78.15%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77435      0.76%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          703      0.01%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1847080     18.06%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309346      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10225790                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.400871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29097                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     42225998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12959820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9963599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10254887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7924                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       419610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       319635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        530273                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10941918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2025483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        93737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       147608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10100221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1822266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       125569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2131585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1538378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           309319                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.395948                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              9966365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             9963599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6036038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        12987702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.390593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.464750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7944545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      8909194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2033167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       138283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21418875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18119307     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1284206      6.00%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       836412      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       261518      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441334      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84090      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53045      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48150      0.22%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290813      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21418875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      7944545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      8909194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1909574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1605873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1370092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7775539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       108138                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       290813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32070397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          22204605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                418303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3770418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           7944545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             8909194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      7944545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.210873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.210873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.311442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.311442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       47009027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      12942573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11763520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1980536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1620287                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195018                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         777098                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19067685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11077609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1980536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       981566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2310230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        533302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1000464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1167831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22716362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20406132     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         107066      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         170277      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         231288      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         237436      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         201863      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         113142      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         168849      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1080309      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22716362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.434264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18876669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1195674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2305810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       325999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13590907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18928207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        170535                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       906350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2257555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       118206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13585063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        16918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        50989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18958157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63197766                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63197766                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16413927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2544227                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          355309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       688771                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       221160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13568327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12880164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1510502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3620140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22716362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17223214     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2292988     10.09%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1151594      5.07%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839891      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664492      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271661      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171420      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89294      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11808      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22716362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2642     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7867     36.91%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10806     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10832479     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192344      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1167174      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686554      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12880164                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.504928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48499927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12684979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12901479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25847                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205131                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       335506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        142519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13571714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688771                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1742                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       223063                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12701039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1784456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1804598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           686502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.497906                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12685090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12684979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7281545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19625058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.497276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371033                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9568358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11774215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1797517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       197235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22380856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17512584     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2431559     10.86%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901841      4.03%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430660      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384568      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209621      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168387      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82793      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258843      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22380856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9568358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11774215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1744855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1066425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1697956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10608423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       242530                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       258843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35693680                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27478991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                290351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2792566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9568358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11774215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9568358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.665967                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.665967                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.375098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.375098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57162405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17670033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12599636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1877090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1538360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       185888                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       787996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17966305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10675281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1877090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       925313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2347240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        527238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1701285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1108162                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22352974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20005734     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         253896      1.14%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         293130      1.31%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         162248      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         184928      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         103284      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          70836      0.32%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         182025      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1096893      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22352974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.418492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17817823                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1852906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2327483                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        18587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       336173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       305185                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13032671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       336173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17846633                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        475033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1298269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2318089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        78775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13023843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        36932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18099795                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     60643061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     60643061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15450771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2648984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3492                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          214292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       678019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       149822                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13002210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12292624                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17554                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1621642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3743129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          459                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22352974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17174274     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2082988      9.32%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119982      5.01%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       773233      3.46%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677148      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       345958      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        84612      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54313      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40466      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22352974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3046     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11691     43.67%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12036     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10287253     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191874      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1505      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139243      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       672749      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12292624                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.481895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26773                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46982545                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14627485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12084821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12319397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          753                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          243                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       336173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        438203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13005730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       678019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107297                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104291                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       211588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12108335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1069080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1741625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1694472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           672545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12085086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12084821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7182161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18808541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381856                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9074196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11133153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1872757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3038                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       186792                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22016801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17468549     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2108982      9.58%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884195      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530390      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       367960      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238216      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123667      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99047      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       195795      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22016801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9074196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11133153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1686808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1024160                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1516                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1593454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10036947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       226539                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       195795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           34826851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26348028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                277012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3155954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9074196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11133153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9074196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.811150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.811150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.355726                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.355726                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       54624141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16771382                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12163725                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3034                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1977026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       805645                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19036045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11056903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1977026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       978725                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2305232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        533811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1010986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1166166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       195077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22688473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20383241     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         106660      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         169566      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         230307      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         237601      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         201272      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         112293      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         168408      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1079125      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22688473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.433452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18842810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1206184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2300812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       335954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       325452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          256                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13566297                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1505                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       335954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18894190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        159851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       927719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2252746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       118010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13560590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        50931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18922018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63082239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63082239                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16378433                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2543585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          355347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1269473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       687082                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7970                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       220409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13544424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12857210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1509530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22688473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17206560     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2287832     10.08%     85.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1148332      5.06%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       838489      3.70%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       663898      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271020      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171602      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        88977      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11763      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22688473                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2659     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7857     36.89%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10782     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10814649     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191851      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1610      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1164226      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       684874      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12857210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48426149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15057377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12661637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12878508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       335954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        131896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11517                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13547810                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1269473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       687082                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1742                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       223167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12677257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1095034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1779858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1800990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           684824                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12661754                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12661637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7268201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19591594                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.496361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9547699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11748721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1799100                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3247                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       197303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22352519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17494738     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2426390     10.86%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899486      4.02%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430039      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       383900      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209156      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167975      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82668      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258167      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22352519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9547699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11748721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1741100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1064124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1694254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10585482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       242004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       258167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           35642108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27431614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                290298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2820455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9547699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11748721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9547699                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.671736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.671736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       57054233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17636945                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12575323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1886369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       791336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         735352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8454                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18023735                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10722701                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1886369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       929326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2357427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        529568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1623997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1111523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22345036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19987609     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         254768      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         295416      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         162932      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         185077      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         103768      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          71212      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         182292      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1101962      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22345036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.420351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17873893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1777077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2336965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13087324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17903510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        594056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1101571                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2327241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        80758                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13077859                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        37620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18173432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60889045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60889045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15508544                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2664888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          219699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1252663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       680490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       150150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13054585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1631551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3776288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22345036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17147042     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2091118      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1123211      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       777222      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       679086      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       347039      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85326      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54390      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40602      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22345036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3121     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11561     43.26%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12042     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10325016     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192552      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1511      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1144181      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674987      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483683                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26724                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47066306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14689744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12129314                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12364971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          403                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       337898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        554189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13058079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1252663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       680490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       212004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12153367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1073547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1748316                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1700684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           674769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.476436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12129626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12129314                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7209141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18877485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.475493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381891                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9108114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11174754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3050                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       187218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22007138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17441440     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2117580      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887201      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532465      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369383      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       239041      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124003      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99578      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196447      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22007138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9108114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11174754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1693100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1027973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1599383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10074491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       196447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           34868928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26454518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                277490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3163892                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9108114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11174754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9108114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.800682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.800682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.357056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.357056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54826427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16832267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12216503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3046                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1784740                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1459588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         703692                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183060                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7885                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17344400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10123291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1784740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       886752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2121013                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        513667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       901425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1068795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20701165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18580152     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         114873      0.55%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         180937      0.87%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         287405      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         120413      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         135808      0.66%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         143091      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94174      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1044312      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20701165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069965                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.396853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17183577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1065811                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2114181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5397                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       332197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       292353                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12361211                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       332197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17209179                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        226439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       760302                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2094363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        78683                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12352084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         3543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        27782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8208                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17145037                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     57452412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     57452412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14615133                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2529780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          226064                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1180224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       633949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       144326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12334341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11671051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3499071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20701165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15776444     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1979527      9.56%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1079708      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       737272      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687529      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198540      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153449      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52786      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35910      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20701165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2757     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8267     38.30%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10561     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9776722     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184175      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1413      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1079400      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629341      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11671051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21585                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44080360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13908927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11480979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11692636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215710                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       332197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        156971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12337595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1180224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       633949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       204357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11503371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1015128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1644129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1618306                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           629001                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.450955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11481168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11480979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6712730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        17532280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.450077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8584675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10522440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1815117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       180816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20368968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16095117     79.02%     79.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2070093     10.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806578      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434422      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324388      1.59%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181344      0.89%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112337      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99881      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244808      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20368968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8584675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10522440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1577786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              964503                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1510331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9481601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       213772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       244808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32461665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25007442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                282927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4807763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8584675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10522440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8584675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.971449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.971449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       51872228                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15915656                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11529492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2848                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1789396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17370753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10146639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1789396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       888911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2126159                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        512663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       906201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1070098                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20734824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18608665     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         115424      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         181914      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         287388      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         120669      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         136557      0.66%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         143367      0.69%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93749      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1047091      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20734824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.397768                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17207351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1071327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2119326                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         5402                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       331416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       292957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12389476                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       331416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17233353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        249156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       743120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2099214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        78563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12379514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        27743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8031                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17183786                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     57581060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     57581060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14655953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2527833                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          226424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       635267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       143850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12360391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11695153                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3508163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20734824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15800536     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1982443      9.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082569      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738782      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688852      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198939      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153820      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52861      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36022      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20734824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2795     12.94%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8197     37.94%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10613     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9796842     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184587      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1417      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081874      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630433      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11695153                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.458473                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44162336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13934035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11505063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11716758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          757                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       331416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        178215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12363646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       203928                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11527561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1647576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1622023                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           630086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.451903                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11505274                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11505063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6728188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        17570315                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.451021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8608609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     10551759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1811961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       180596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20403408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16119035     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2074650     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808467      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435562      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325248      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181916      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112633      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100057      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245840      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20403408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8608609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     10551759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1582172                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              967180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1514534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9508024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       214366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       245840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32521236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25058888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                283038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4774104                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8608609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            10551759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8608609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.963188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.963188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.337474                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.337474                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       51982398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15950887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11555607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         2856                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1753474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1582004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       658208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         624252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          95737                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18588140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11023856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1753474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       719989                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2179360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        298598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2346456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1068606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94365                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23316633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.859407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21137273     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          76796      0.33%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         159054      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          67833      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         360842      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         321522      1.38%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62413      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         130883      0.56%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1000017      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23316633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18390654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2545880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2171411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       153987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12931966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18416681                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2351168                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       107877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2154919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        84083                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12923314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        42176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        28343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          523                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15178575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60854632                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60854632                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13405300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1773268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          198433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3046392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1539108                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        73805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12894925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12375057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8766                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1034431                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2505191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23316633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18873157     80.94%     80.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1355859      5.81%     86.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098263      4.71%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       474342      2.03%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593528      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       560662      2.40%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319447      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25458      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15917      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23316633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31020     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237538     86.21%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6976      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7765220     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108051      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          739      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2967586     23.98%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1533461     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12375057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.485127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275534                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48351047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13931205                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12265804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12650591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       125652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       201900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2287904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        23562                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3046392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1539108                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54091                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       110163                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12287574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2956435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4489713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1608142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1533278                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.481697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12266219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12265804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6626018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13086470                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.480844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9949822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11692384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1205424                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        95984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23114733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18857636     81.58%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1566480      6.78%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730651      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       717941      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198202      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820748      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62329      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45711      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115035      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23114733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9949822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11692384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4447754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2920738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1543426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10397750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       113143                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       115035                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           35897480                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25997553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                400471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2192295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9949822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11692384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9949822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.563757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.563757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60733282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14250298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15379119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2209565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1839727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9493                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19214922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12119486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2209565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1045239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2526294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        565345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1771863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1194953                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21354137     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         154736      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195223      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         309985      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130451      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168290      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         195272      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          89832      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1282505      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19108148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1896066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2514260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336064                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14816714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19127944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         61920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1779570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2495645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14725727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20562597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68477697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68477697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17172186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3390411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          192724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       720578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8102                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       164533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13779170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612431                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18042261     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2662480     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088734      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609884      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827041      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254730      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250075      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134502      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10724      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94344     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13024     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12346     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11606969     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188410      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1703      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264018      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718070      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13779170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51572102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13417031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13898884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13536690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1960236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1913517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           717965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.530665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13417132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13417031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8040227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21600927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12310967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18307043     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642702     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959615      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477288      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436899      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183154      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181802      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86543      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244649      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9990762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12310967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1825855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1116296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1784281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11084016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       244649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37652483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29115780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1628497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12310967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.553251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.553251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60906370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18748211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13699319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1979748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19055926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11073238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1979748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       980756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2309184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        532747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       979165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1166999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20372750     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         106865      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         170402      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         231315      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         237552      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         201596      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         112490      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         168072      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1080892      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18864230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1175004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2304819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       326008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13585399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18915765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        159343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       897017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2256553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13579562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        50978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18949483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63171418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63171418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16405614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2543855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3339                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          354793                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       688558                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       221153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1511097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3622076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17191791     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291415     10.10%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150513      5.07%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840060      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664260      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271488      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171557      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89159      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11691      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2672     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7871     36.88%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10797     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10827840     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192173      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166259      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686200      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48453441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15077555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12679185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12895424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        131269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688558                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       222703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12695261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1783667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1803809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           686144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497679                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12679304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12679185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7278502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19615600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.497049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9563510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11768215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1798204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       196944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17480753     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430503     10.88%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901028      4.03%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430468      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384820      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209684      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168085      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82774      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258578      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9563510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11768215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1743959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1065879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1697080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10603050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       242415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       258578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35654469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27468110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                290302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2826994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11768215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.667319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.667319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       57136665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17661790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12594627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1882249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17990493                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10699806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1882249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       927267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2352491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        528570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1622958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1109416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22305143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19952652     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         254225      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         294812      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         162648      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         184699      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         103455      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71023      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         181919      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1099710      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22305143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.419453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17841195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1775483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2332017                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       305576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1980                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13059957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10254                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17870773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        586384                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1107884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2322393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13050488                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        37476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18136328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60762603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60762603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15477446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2658877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3455                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          218969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       679009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       149786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13027670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12313392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22305143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17117566     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087046      9.36%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1120937      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775486      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677800      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346332      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85183      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54288      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40505      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22305143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3119     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11546     43.27%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12019     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10304294     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192142      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141873      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673575      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12313392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46976587                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14658731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12104692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12340076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       337222                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        548549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13031161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104330                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       211724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12128599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1744611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1697272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           673354                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.475465                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12104993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12104692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7194637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18839971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.474528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9089812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11152378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21967921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17411326     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2113424      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885473      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531172      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368726      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238585      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123847      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99363      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196005      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21967921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9089812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11152378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1689713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1025922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1596224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10054283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       226941                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       196005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34803232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26400005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                276990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3203785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11152378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9089812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.806321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.806321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.356338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.356338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54714756                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16798686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12190476                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25507638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1791222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1464845                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177313                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705483                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7913                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17395053                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10158723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1791222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       889322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2128422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        514216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       894288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1071533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20750789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18622367     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         115489      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         181796      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         288683      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         120681      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         135912      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         142876      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          94058      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1048927      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20750789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070223                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17231281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1059730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2121618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       332735                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       293418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12404231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       332735                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17257342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        232368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       749273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2101435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        77634                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12394357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        28104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6567                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17206465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     57648134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     57648134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14668529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2537864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          228056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1184406                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       635835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       144627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12375738                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11711578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1574428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3505518                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20750789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15808636     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1985579      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085010      5.23%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739997      3.57%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689755      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198712      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       154321      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52750      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36029      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20750789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2782     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8288     38.25%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10597     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9810076     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184922      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1418      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1083887      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       631275      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11711578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459140                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44211291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13953579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11520643                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11733245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20302                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          743                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       332735                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        151863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12379014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1184406                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1827                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       204537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11543097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1019085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1650033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1624714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           630948                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11520823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11520643                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6736610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        17589903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382982                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8615934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10560886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1818132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2858                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       180838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20418054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16128128     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2078156     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       809779      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435612      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325699      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181915      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112920      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100315      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245530      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20418054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8615934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10560886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1583552                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              968032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1515878                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9516263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       214574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       245530                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           32551490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25090881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                283683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               4756849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8615934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10560886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8615934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.960519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.960519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       52051463                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15972344                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11569947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2856                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2211661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847424                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237791                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19233145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12130834                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2211661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1046270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2528693                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        565852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1756636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1196084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23884583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21355890     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         154885      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         195430      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         310276      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         130587      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         168467      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         195451      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          89910      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1283687      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23884583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.475552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19124700                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1880959                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2516646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       361057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       336391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14830563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       361057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19144514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         61957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1764379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2498013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        54659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14739472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         7763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20581716                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     68541593                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     68541593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17188339                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3393339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          192861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383566                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       721266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       164672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13792139                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13626                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23884583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18040893     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665007     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089749      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610491      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827816      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254964      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134627      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10736      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23884583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94435     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13037     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12359     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617900     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188566      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265212      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718756      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13792139                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.540679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119831                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51602311                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       361057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         47091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383566                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119012                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       233398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1962092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1915354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           718649                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.531164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13429760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13429659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8047771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21621226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.526469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000176                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       204169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23523526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18305920     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645221     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960535      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477745      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437318      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183326      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181963      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86622      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244876      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23523526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10000176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12322568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1827589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1117356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1785978                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11094458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       254464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       244876                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37669496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29142939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                294187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1624345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10000176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12322568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10000176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.550848                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.550848                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60963634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18765777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13712175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1882630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       789831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17987650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10700597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1882630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       927677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2352826                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        528238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1661126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1109142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22340684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19987858     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         254311      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         294869      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         162669      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         184764      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         103589      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          70881      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         181980      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1099763      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22340684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.419484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17838750                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1813260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2332401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       337106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       305698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13061123                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       337106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17868301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        596039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1136161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2322909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13051679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        37326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18138228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60769390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60769390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15480872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2657350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          217986                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1250028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       679253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       149877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13029714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3459                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12315526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1627033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3764742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22340684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17152240     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2087235      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1121249      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       775807      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       677708      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346449      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85184      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54305      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40507      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22340684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3114     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11539     43.26%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12022     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10306108     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192194      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1508      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141955      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       673761      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12315526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.482793                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26675                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47016398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14660346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12107148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12342201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       223880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          754                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          197                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       337106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        559881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13033199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1250028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107362                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       211628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12130944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1744982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1697696                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           673542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.475557                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12107459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12107148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7196099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18843972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.474624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9091776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11154808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878611                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3042                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       186892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22003578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17446078     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2113732      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       885610      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531535      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368722      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238624      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123781      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99411      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196085      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22003578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9091776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11154808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1690065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1026146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1596584                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10056455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       226987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       196085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34840847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26403963                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                276881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3168244                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9091776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11154808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9091776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.805715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.805715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.356415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.356415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54726208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16801815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12191700                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2211172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19230858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12128480                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2211172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1045588                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2527615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        564610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1757525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1195611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23881141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21353526     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         154870      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         195322      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         310330      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         129875      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         168330      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         195367      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90048      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1283473      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23881141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19122449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1881816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2515555                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       336432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14825285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19142278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         61757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1765525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2496907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        54575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14733655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        37951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20575685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     68512808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     68512808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17193093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3382586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3535                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          192528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       721435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8079                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       164841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3551                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760848                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3593551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23881141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18037198     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665245     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090316      4.57%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610835      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826995      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254549      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250587      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134632      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10784      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23881141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94539     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12938     10.80%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12351     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617608     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188605      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264485      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718922      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51597079                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16147744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13430152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       263684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         47052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5389                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       233090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1961939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1915525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           718814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13430261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13430152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8048103                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21618151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.526488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12325980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       203870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18302596     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645417     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960483      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477783      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437651      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183665      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181865      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86559      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245027      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10002924                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12325980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1828084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1117667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1786472                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11097522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       254533                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       245027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37662805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29133842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                293609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1627787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10002924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12325980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10002924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.550147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.550147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60964783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18767367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13710016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.521790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886448.923423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.508834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.394144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.394144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.508834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.394144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1881                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.851771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         121411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.901247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.812892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.243368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   895.753318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1102.042193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.538107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 584                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3269                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3270                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1881                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1487108495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1487108495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46480816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440627679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1487108495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             584                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.365598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.365172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.365172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602786.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777876.716523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790594.627858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277987162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321921778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277987162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321921778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     43934616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277987162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1321921778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690057.862851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702776.064859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690057.862851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702776.064859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514986.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 690057.862851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702776.064859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1157                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.547244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         158765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.536661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.269076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.437018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   547.364453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1442.476697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.267268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.704334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1157                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     989562812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      989562812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76483069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    913079743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     989562812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              3827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               3842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              3842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1961104.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 816708.177996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855283.329300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73058869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    814402343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887461212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1873304.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 729097.889884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767700.010381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1649                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.476343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         180060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        48.704355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.344122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.060223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   716.954929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1256.117068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.350076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.613338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3330                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3331                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1614                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1649                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64508105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1391148931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1455657036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1157590                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1157590                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64508105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1392306521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1456814626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64508105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1392306521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1456814626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.331124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.331124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843088.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862995.614764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883823.336976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       578795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       578795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843088.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862643.445477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883453.381443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1843088.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 862643.445477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883453.381443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                943                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     943                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61435105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1249583318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311018423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       981990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61435105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1250565308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1312000413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61435105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1250565308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1312000413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.327177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1755288.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 775175.755583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796003.899818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       490995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       490995                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1755288.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 774823.610905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795633.967859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1755288.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 774823.610905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795633.967859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.501104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         158756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        49.580262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.578597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   546.579864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1443.075256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.266885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.704627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2677                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1154                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63834065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    925725833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     989559898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63834065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    925725833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      989559898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63834065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    925725833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     989559898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636770.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830247.383857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857504.244367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636770.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830247.383857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857504.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1636770.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 830247.383857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857504.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                489                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     489                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60409865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    827284729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887694594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60409865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    827284729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887694594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60409865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    827284729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887694594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1548970.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 742625.429982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769899.908066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1548970.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 742625.429982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769899.908066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1548970.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 742625.429982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769899.908066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1669                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.499898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         180070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        48.444983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.741691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.629592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   718.993034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1254.135580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.351071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.612371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3342                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3343                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1668                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1371246146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1429296795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2246755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2246755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1373492901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1431543550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58050649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1373492901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1431543550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840224.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857921.245498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1123377.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123377.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840570.930845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858239.538369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1707372.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 840570.930845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858239.538369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                957                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     957                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1227956546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283021995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2071155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230027701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285093150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55065449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1230027701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285093150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.328376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752424.354167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770121.245498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1035577.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035577.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752770.930845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770439.538369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1619572.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 752770.930845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 770439.538369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2877                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.587791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         123115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.997970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.212557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.451161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   835.903267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1179.020805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.408156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.575694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3419                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2876                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59407553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2645825398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2705232951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4592386                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4592386                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59407553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2650417784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2709825337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59407553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2650417784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2709825337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650209.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 932942.665021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941933.478760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1148096.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1148096.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650209.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933245.698592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942220.214534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650209.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 933245.698592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942220.214534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                442                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     442                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56246753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2396749576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2452996329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4241186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4241186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56246753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2400990762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2457237515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     56246753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2400990762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2457237515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.454051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.453819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1562409.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845116.211566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854107.356894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1060296.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1060296.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1562409.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845419.282394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854394.128999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1562409.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 845419.282394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854394.128999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2916                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.596538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         123143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        24.807212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.218583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.976845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   845.242516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1171.158595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.412716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.571855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 721                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3442                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3443                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2882                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2915                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44280501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2652040651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2696321152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4937564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4937564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44280501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2656978215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2701258716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44280501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2656978215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2701258716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             721                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1341833.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921487.370049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926252.542769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1234391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1234391                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1341833.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921921.656836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926675.374271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1341833.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921921.656836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926675.374271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                446                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     446                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41382102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2399313046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2440695148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4586364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4586364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41382102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2403899410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445281512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     41382102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2403899410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445281512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.455724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1254003.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 833673.747741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838438.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1146591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1146591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1254003.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834108.053435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838861.582161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1254003.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 834108.053435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838861.582161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3082                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.935222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.153411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.538397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.131583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1115.138904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         914.126337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.544501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.446351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4125                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3082                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2862858203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2935276248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9269094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9269094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2872127297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2944545342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72418045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2872127297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2944545342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 940492.182326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954251.055917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1544849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1544849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941681.080984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955400.824789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2263063.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941681.080984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955400.824789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2595572509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2665180785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8742294                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8742294                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2604314803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2673923079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69608276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2604314803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2673923079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.424606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 852684.792707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866443.688231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1457049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1457049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853873.705902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867593.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2175258.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853873.705902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867593.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.415267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        62.143101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.415267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.839099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   411.541783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1564.619118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.016035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.200948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.763974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      804956078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1156                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.504865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.551498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.231046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   546.828393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1442.176467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.015250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.267006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.704188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      995893070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              3824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               3839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              3839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1661                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.497355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        48.546239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.764580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.658388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   718.007695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1255.066691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.350590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.612826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1660                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1389305934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1454779492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1622780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1390928714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1456402272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65473558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1390928714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1456402272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855483.949507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877430.332931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       811390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855429.713407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877350.766265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1925692.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855429.713407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877350.766265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     952                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1246663493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309150697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1447180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248110673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310597877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62487204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1248110673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1310597877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767649.934113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789596.319059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       723590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767595.739852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789516.793373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837858.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 767595.739852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789516.793373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2915                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.586495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         123129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        24.809389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.207236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.045047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   839.540995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1177.793217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.008811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.409932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.575094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3429                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3430                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2883                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2915                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47537229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2666905559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2714442788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6122715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6122715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47537229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2673028274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2720565503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47537229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2673028274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2720565503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485538.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 926330.517193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932477.769839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1530678.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1530678.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485538.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 927169.016302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933298.628816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1485538.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 927169.016302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933298.628816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44727629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2414199529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458927158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5771515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5771515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44727629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2419971044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464698673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     44727629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2419971044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464698673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.456749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1397738.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838554.890240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844701.874957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1442878.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442878.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1397738.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839393.355532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845522.700858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1397738.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839393.355532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845522.700858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.415400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.415400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.847935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   412.233953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1563.918111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.016039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.201286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.763632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    690020524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     794615454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    690020524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      794615454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    104594930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    690020524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     794615454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812745.022379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894837.222973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812745.022379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 894837.222973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2681921.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 812745.022379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 894837.222973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    615465834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    716635967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    615465834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    716635967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    101170133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    615465834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    716635967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724930.310954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807022.485360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724930.310954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807022.485360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2594105.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 724930.310954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807022.485360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.499221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        48.520075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.788414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.668062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   717.226769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1255.815976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.350208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.613191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3333                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64875139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1392636616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1457511755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2247543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2247543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64875139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1394884159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1459759298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64875139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1394884159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1459759298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908092.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856480.083641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878019.129518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1123771.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123771.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908092.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856808.451474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878314.860409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908092.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 856808.451474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878314.860409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61889939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1249830549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1311720488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2071943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61889939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1251902492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313792431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61889939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1251902492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313792431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.328160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1820292.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768653.474170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790193.065060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1035971.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035971.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1820292.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768981.874693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790488.827316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1820292.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768981.874693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790488.827316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          890                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.416369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        62.119891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.416369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.918394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   413.160166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1562.921440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.016073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.201738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.763145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2785                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2787                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 890                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114159505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698336836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     812496341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114159505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698336836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      812496341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114159505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698336836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     812496341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.235083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927166.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820607.327850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912917.237079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927166.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820607.327850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912917.237079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927166.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820607.327850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912917.237079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                472                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     472                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110734883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623600094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734334977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110734883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623600094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734334977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110734883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623600094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    734334977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.235083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839355.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732785.069330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825095.479775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839355.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732785.069330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825095.479775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839355.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732785.069330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825095.479775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067524753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073640073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223492.028213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222374.270563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.140880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.711766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              551.049050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              917845015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1647836.651706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.856814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.192236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1117570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1117570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1117570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1117570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52394018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52394018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1117609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1117609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1343436.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     46816002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46816002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1560533.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              204652341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             38060.692022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   191.239623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    64.760377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.747030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.252970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1670327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       302244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1972571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1972571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1972571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1972571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8096806450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8096806450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2161010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2161010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8098967460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8098967460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8098967460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8098967460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1688460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1688460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       302270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1990730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1990730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1990730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1990730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446523.269729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446523.269729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83115.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83115.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446002.943995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670146797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670146797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670531397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670531397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1670531397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670531397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326519.412903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326519.412903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326211.950205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              509.734315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              998080242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1934264.034884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    34.734315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.055664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1167771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1167771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1167771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1167771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1167830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1167830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707887.932203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       930052                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     76954257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76954257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876933.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              152107890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37492.701504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   222.900000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    33.100000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.870703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.129297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       803721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       675226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       675226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1478947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1478947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        12315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4007101730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4007101730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6995997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6995997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4014097727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4014097727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4014097727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4014097727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       815952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       675310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       675310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1491262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1491262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1491262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1491262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327618.488268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327618.488268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83285.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83285.678571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 325951.906374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1095990940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1095990940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       977136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1096968076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096968076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1096968076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096968076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 289485.192816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289485.192816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65142.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65142.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288599.862142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              512.715039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999327855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1929204.353282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.715039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1108110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1108110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92486568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92486568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92486568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92486568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92486568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92486568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778587.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778587.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778587.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778587.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1778587.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778587.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64871831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64871831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64871831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64871831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64871831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64871831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801995.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801995.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801995.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801995.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1801995.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1801995.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              157949321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             30374.869423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.415463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.584537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       780855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       658916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       658916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1439771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1439771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1439771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1439771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        17543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        17543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7057063938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7057063938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    246391525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246391525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7303455463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7303455463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7303455463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7303455463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       797915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       659399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       659399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1517                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1457314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1457314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1457314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1457314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 413661.426612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413661.426612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 510127.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 510127.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 416317.360942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 416317.360942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 416317.360942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 416317.360942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2838316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 567663.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1783                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1622442351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622442351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2135690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2135690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1624578041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624578041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1624578041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624578041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 329296.194642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329296.194642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125628.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125628.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328595.882079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328595.882079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328595.882079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328595.882079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.912828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              998078577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1934260.808140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.912828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1166106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1166106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1166106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1166106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1166106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88881088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88881088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88881088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88881088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88881088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88881088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1166166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1166166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1166166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1481351.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481351.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1481351.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1481351.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1481351.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1481351.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64327745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64327745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64327745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1568969.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568969.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1568969.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568969.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1568969.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568969.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152103991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37575.096591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   222.862091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    33.137909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.870555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.129445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       801276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        801276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       673777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       673777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1475053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1475053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1475053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1475053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4020552307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4020552307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6710213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6710213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4027262520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4027262520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4027262520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4027262520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       813470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       813470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       673860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       673860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1622                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1487330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1487330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1487330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1487330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 329715.623011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 329715.623011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80845.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80845.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328033.112324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328033.112324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328033.112324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328033.112324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8485                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1108253495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108253495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       975732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1109229227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109229227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1109229227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109229227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 293421.629600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293421.629600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65048.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65048.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292518.256065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292518.256065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 292518.256065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292518.256065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.442063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999331216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1932942.390716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.442063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1111471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1111471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1111471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86057337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86057337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1111523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1111523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1654948.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58399216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58399216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668549.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              157955132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             30190.201070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.717017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.282983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.873895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.126105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       784203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        784203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       661370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       661370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1445573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1445573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1445573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1445573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7018597950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7018597950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    384620569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    384620569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7403218519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7403218519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7403218519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7403218519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       801416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       801416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       661869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1463285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1463285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1463285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1463285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 407749.837332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407749.837332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770782.703407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770782.703407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417977.558661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4722091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 944418.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1603458447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603458447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3224855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3224855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1606683302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606683302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1606683302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606683302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 323343.102843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323343.102843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 189697.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189697.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322886.515675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.716741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003736419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1904623.185958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.855235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   489.861507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1068738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1068738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1068738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1068738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1068738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75253575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75253575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75253575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75253575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     75253575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75253575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1068794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1068794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1068794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1343813.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1343813.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1343813.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1343813.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1343813.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1343813.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       770338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       770338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59794367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59794367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59794367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59794367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59794367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59794367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1616063.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616063.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1616063.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616063.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1616063.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616063.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              166737522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             25600.725012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.069240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.930760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.886989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.113011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       738592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        738592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       610338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1348930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1348930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1348930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1348930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7425753407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7425753407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     42403074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42403074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7468156481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7468156481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7468156481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7468156481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       755160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       610410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1424                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1365570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1365570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1365570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1365570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448198.539775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448198.539775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 588931.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 588931.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448807.480829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448807.480829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448807.480829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448807.480829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2893421472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893421472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5138386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5138386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2898559858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898559858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2898559858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898559858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463243.911623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463243.911623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 428198.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 428198.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463176.711090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463176.711090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463176.711090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463176.711090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.889906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003737724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1915530.007634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.889906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1070043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1070043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1070043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66770127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66770127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66770127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66770127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66770127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66770127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214002.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1214002.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214002.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1214002.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1214002.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1214002.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44659749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44659749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44659749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44659749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44659749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44659749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1313522.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1313522.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1313522.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1313522.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1313522.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1313522.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166740375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             25340.482523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   227.080417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    28.919583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.887033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.112967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       739740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       612036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1351776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1351776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        16781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        16781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7469169721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7469169721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     45818662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45818662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7514988383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7514988383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7514988383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7514988383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       756446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       612111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612111                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1368557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1368557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447095.038968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447095.038968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 610915.493333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610915.493333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447827.208331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447827.208331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 447827.208331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447827.208331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2901889188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2901889188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5488728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5488728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2907377916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2907377916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2907377916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2907377916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459741.633080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459741.633080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       457394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       457394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459737.178368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459737.178368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 459737.178368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459737.178368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              566.000660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1028783871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1786083.109375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.222349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.778311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.038818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1068550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1068550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1068550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104395526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104395526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1068605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1068605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898100.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     72747745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72747745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204477.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              405051795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             54508.383125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.003971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.996029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2789625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2789625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1525489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1525489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4315114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4315114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4315114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4315114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        26051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        26051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12013378778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12013378778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31650762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31650762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12045029540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12045029540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12045029540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12045029540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2815656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2815656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1525509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1525509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4341165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4341165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4341165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4341165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461502.776613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461502.776613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1582538.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582538.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462363.423285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462363.423285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 462363.423285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462363.423285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3170160980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3170160980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9318894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9318894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3179479874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3179479874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3179479874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3179479874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442204.070303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442204.070303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1553149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1553149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443133.083484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443133.083484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443133.083484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443133.083484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.828164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001202992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2018554.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.828164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148427553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38224.968581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.201874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.798126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.322991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998079411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1938018.273786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.322991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152107092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37510.996794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   222.832070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    33.167930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.870438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.129562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.439590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              999329108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1932938.313346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.439590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1109363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1109363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1109363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97049773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97049773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1109416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1831127.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65829482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65829482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1880842.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              157952112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             30288.036817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.707765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.292235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.873858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.126142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       782519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1442559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7076771595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7076771595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    297098393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297098393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7373869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7373869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       799677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1460216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1460216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1460216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 412447.347884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412447.347884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 595387.561122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 595387.561122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417617.374865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417617.374865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 417617.374865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417617.374865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4098002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 819600.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1620884246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1620884246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2600880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623485126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623485126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1623485126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1623485126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327981.433832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327981.433832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152992.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327381.553942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327381.553942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327381.553942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327381.553942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              515.629665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003739167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1919195.347992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.629665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1071486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1071486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68302883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68302883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68302883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68302883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68302883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68302883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1453252.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1453252.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1453252.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1453252.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1453252.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1453252.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47868895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47868895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47868895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47868895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47868895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47868895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450572.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450572.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450572.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450572.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1450572.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450572.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166742473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             25390.965890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.010790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.989210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.886761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.113239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       741289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        741289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       612570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1353859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1353859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1353859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1353859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        16686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        16686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7390443304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7390443304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54160308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54160308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7444603612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7444603612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7444603612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7444603612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       757907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1370545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1370545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1370545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1370545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444725.195812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444725.195812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796475.117647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796475.117647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446158.672660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446158.672660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 446158.672660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446158.672660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2915806149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2915806149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6683016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6683016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2922489165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922489165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2922489165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922489165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 462826.372857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462826.372857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       556918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       556918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463005.254278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463005.254278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463005.254278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463005.254278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.842804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001204123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2018556.699597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.842804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1196023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1196023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1196023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1196023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1196023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    155260299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155260299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1196082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1196082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1196082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2631530.491525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2927496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585499.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105051420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105051420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2562229.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148429123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             38205.694466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.257602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.742398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.860381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.139619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       952496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1659175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1659175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2065167555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2065167555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6126653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6126653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2071294208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2071294208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2071294208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2071294208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       961747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       706753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1668500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1668500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223237.223543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223237.223543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82792.608108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.608108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222122.703271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222122.703271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222122.703271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222122.703271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    877273245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877273245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1126393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    878399638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878399638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    878399638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878399638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 242810.197896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242810.197896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70399.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70399.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 242050.051805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242050.051805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 242050.051805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242050.051805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.434024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999328834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1932937.783366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.434024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1109089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1109089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1109089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97474722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97474722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97474722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97474722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97474722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97474722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1109142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1839145.698113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1839145.698113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1839145.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1839145.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1839145.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1839145.698113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65222560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65222560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65222560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65222560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65222560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65222560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863501.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863501.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863501.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863501.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1863501.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863501.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              157952545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             30276.508530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.705761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.294239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.873851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.126149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       782810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        782810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       660184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1442994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1442994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1442994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1442994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7115805274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7115805274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    322235135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    322235135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7438040409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7438040409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7438040409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7438040409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       799973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       660667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       660667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1460640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1460640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1460640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1460640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 414601.484239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414601.484239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 667153.488613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 667153.488613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421514.247365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421514.247365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421514.247365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421514.247365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2323433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 580858.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1624243061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1624243061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3225643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3225643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1627468704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627468704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1627468704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627468704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328528.127225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328528.127225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 189743.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189743.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328052.550695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328052.550695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 328052.550695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328052.550695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.653562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001203651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2018555.747984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.653562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1195551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1195551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726634.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114613592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114613592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114613592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114613592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114613592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114613592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795453.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795453.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795453.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795453.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795453.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795453.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148428901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38136.922148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.253021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.746979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       952144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       706843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2086333638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086333638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6947008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6947008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2093280646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2093280646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2093280646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2093280646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       961408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       706937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1668345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1668345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 225208.726036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225208.726036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73904.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73904.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223688.891430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223688.891430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223688.891430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223688.891430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        20518                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    885847293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885847293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1128090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1128090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    886975383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    886975383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    886975383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    886975383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 244709.196961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244709.196961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70505.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70505.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243942.624587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243942.624587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243942.624587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243942.624587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
