
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1104517908                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398688241053                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 387282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   513551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37136                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67625788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29742.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11518701403                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274238487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        76672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        51584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        75904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        52736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               587136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       212864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            212864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     69416711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3013079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13211194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3013079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25031735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1622427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     44964414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     46702729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3013079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25727061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3244855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25842949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1506540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     68721385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2433641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13211194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1622427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47745717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3013079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25263511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3244855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17846700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1622427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19005577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2549529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13211194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3013079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24799960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2549529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12168205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               531576714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3013079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3013079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1622427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3013079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3244855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1506540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2433641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1622427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3013079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3244855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1622427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2549529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3013079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2549529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38706480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         192721185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              192721185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         192721185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1506540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     69416711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3013079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13211194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3013079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25031735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1622427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     44964414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1738315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     46702729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3013079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25727061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3244855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25842949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1506540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     68721385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2433641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13211194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1622427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47745717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3013079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25263511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3244855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17846700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1622427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19005577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2549529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13211194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3013079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24799960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2549529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12168205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              724297899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206380                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21748                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78434                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20548                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          961                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2000505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1220926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206380                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        98982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250311                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         68019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        67386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124847                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2113379     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13163      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20874      0.88%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31639      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13178      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15410      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16195      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11652      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128200      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2363690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1975181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        93372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1480185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1980246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         42926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        35433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        14899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1477389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          668                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021069                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6885762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6885762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       149199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15884                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1472328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374898                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517511                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778954     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236768     10.02%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130743      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86146      3.64%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79036      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24278      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17676      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6096      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3993      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           403     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1388     41.11%     53.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1585     46.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132311     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25264      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136027      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81143      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374898                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.519079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         31692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1472650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          906                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1354855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209739                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183629                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.511512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1349808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1349698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2026765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.509565                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22154                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824639     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234995     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97634      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50140      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37271      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21349      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13075      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11048      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28379      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3764132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2993146                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35510                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                285035                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.648720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.648720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6149047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         240750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23292                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85868                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2084001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1320241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            240750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       111407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              274303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        62722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          130742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2463119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2188816     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          16537      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21040      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          33359      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13737      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          18169      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          21249      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9838      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         140374      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2463119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.498444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2071928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        76251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          272921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        36476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1612736                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2074505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          5681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        64340                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          270466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1601682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2237668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7444572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7444572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1845914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         391742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           23120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       151428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17395                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2463119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1832983     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286131     11.62%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117900      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        66003      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89458      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27824      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27181      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14470      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1169      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2463119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10298     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     10.95%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255574     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20228      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137329      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77307      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.562769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5459216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1768407                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562780                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13050                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         206538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.552471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1449657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1449619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          868882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2334198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.547289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860594     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284514     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103017      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51510      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46784      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19789      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19497      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9265      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26279      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1073876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1323228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               196152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              119988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           191871                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1191255                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3957738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3167450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                185606                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1073876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1323228                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1073876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.466509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.466509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.405431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.405431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6581568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2027703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1490298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130809                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124720                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12864                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2108489                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1157125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       137584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              255749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        33527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          129504                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2439140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.796818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2183391     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          37049      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20574      0.84%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36424      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12645      0.52%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33443      1.37%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5671      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9918      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         100025      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2439140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.076970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.436861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2090366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        52448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          255041                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        40960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        20631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1304051                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1698                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        40960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2092789                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         30202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        15322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          252737                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1301017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1716576                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5912212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5912212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1355667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         360867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       225864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        40096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          251                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196741                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2439140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.112966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1918205     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168034      6.89%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167122      6.85%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98905      4.05%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55004      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14570      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16551      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          416      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          333      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2439140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2220     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     23.57%     81.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721     18.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       943829     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9870      0.82%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203430     17.00%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39524      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196741                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.451818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003215                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4837623                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163344                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        40960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         22864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292012                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          459                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11020                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        19415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             239491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         177767                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            39498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1163914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1163344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          701706                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1568794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439209                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.447290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18060                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2398180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2009456     83.79%     83.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155380      6.48%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96617      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31471      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50108      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10650      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6812      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6093      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31593      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2398180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       910693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1032976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               213527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              175013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                91                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           157728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          905179                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13688                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3658600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2625087                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                209585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            910693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1032976                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       910693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.908472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.908472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.343823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.343823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5463659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1525954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1366117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          184                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         206152                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185655                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12674                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11224                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2167631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1293934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            206152                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        83024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              255195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         40168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        53871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          126183                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2248707     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8951      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18667      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7645      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          41672      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          37435      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7089      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          15257      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         118479      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2503902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077831                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2154874                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          254070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        26998                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        18216                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1516850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        26998                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2157701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         46591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        12998                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          252215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7396                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1514815                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           73                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1787605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7129140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7129140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1548212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         239388                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           20698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       353784                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       177552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1509552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1439607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       337246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1991613     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153709      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126209      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54383      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69054      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66294      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37661      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3153      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1826      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3600     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28101     86.33%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          849      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       907513     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12582      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342501     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176925     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1439607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.543509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022610                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5416607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1425474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1472157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        26998                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         42670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1954                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1509734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353784                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7887                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        14541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1428263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             518187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         186791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           176897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.539227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1425603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1425474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          771549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1525483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.538174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1148336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        12717                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986681     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179345      7.24%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83986      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82783      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22521      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96171      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7507      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5261      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12649      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1148336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1349666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               512404                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              336408                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           178184                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1200307                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        12649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3974155                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3046812                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                144823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1148336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1349666                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1148336                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.306577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.306577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.433543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.433543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7051919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1661650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1796394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2648718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         206169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185649                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71667                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          569                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1293925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            206169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        82919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              255037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         40033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          126060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2248217     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9024      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18583      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7497      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          41684      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37371      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7059      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          15346      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118473      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2503254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077837                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488510                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2153401                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          253972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        18245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1516661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2156280                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         47612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        12893                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1514846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            9                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1787270                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7129583                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7129583                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1549199                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         238071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20650                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       353971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       177729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1510021                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1440783                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       335083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990952     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153759      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125777      5.02%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54443      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69149      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66323      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37849      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3180      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1822      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3677     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28052     86.13%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          841      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       908140     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12575      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342934     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       177048     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1440783                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.543955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022606                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5418477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1648055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1426420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1473353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         43338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1510204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1352                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6589                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1429304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             518576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         186948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           177011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.539621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1426533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1426420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          772313                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1527471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.538532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1148904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1350371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985919     80.20%     80.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179433      7.25%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84024      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82911      3.35%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22417      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96090      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7470      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5293      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12771      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1148904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1350371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               512498                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              336469                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           178297                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1200933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13132                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3973919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3047662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                145464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1148904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1350371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1148904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.305430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.305430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.433759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.433759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7056977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1662822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1796637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2648709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12890                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          616                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2106685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1158131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       137609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              255901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        33835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2181875     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          36907      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20694      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36358      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12603      0.52%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33540      1.38%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5708      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9969      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         100122      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2437776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.437244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2089732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        51625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          255129                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        20631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1305385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2092089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         28223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        16783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          252873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1302350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1718734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5919117                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5919117                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1357578                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         361056                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18506                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       225946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        40155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1293011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544977                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1916639     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167869      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167199      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99105      4.07%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54916      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14734      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16580      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          407      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          327      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2256     57.95%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     23.40%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          726     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944780     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9878      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           89      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203530     16.99%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39584      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.452243                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4838616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1164386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1201754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1157                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         21512                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293210                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        19419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             239482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         177839                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            39554                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.445530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1164959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1164386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          702743                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1572927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.439605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.446774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       911821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1034260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007685     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155629      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96655      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31493      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50213      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10537      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6813      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6069      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31743      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       911821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1034260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               213682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              175093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          906349                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13703                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        31743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3658280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2627440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                210933                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            911821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1034260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       911821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.904856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.904856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5468026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1527753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1367209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         204184                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131081                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124632                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2106149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1157840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            204184                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       137505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              255901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        33946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          129432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17836                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2181556     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          37180      1.53%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20621      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          36327      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12492      0.51%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          33449      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5705      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9925      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         100202      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2437457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.437131                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2089088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        51839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          255146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        20674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1304856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2091414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         29098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        16074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          252891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1301818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1718062                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5915335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5915335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1355739                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         362323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           18631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       225686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        40076                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          372                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       545410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1916704     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167768      6.88%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167038      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98961      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54997      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14750      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16492      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          329      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2267     58.17%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     23.35%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944161     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9859      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203361     16.99%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39506      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.451906                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3897                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4836540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50658                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         22264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          845                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225686                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40076                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        19460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             239227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         177759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            39478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.445149                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1164054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1163475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          701795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1569150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.439259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.447245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1033048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          185                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18064                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007684     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155512      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96525      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31385      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50204      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10542      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6819      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6069      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31676      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       910747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1033048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               213549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              175028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           157740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          905243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        31676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3657300                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2626220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                211268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            910747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1033048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       910747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.908299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.908299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343844                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343844                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5463088                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1526568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1366766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          184                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         205965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82987                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20600                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1219927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            205965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        99015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              250288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         67652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        68989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2363837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2113549     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          13210      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20921      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31768      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13130      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          15430      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          15981      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          11445      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         128403      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2363837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077760                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1973545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        95390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        44933                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1479511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        44933                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1978629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         41118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        38554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          245042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1476902                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         8026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1193                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2020834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6885470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6885470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1669909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         350925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           45385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       149337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        82923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4071                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1472209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514235                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2363837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778862     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236786     10.02%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130875      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86216      3.65%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78913      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24335      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17656      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6164      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4030      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2363837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1394     41.18%     52.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1607     47.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132730     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25306      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136339      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81307      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.519433                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3385                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5120965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        44933                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         29231                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1645                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1472539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          856                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11852                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13253                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             209982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         183646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            81142                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.511770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1350606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1350501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          798805                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2027286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.509868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394027                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1220012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253817                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824853     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235079     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97768      4.22%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49860      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37422      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21318      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13109      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11075      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28420      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1000541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1220012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               195523                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              118174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           169440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1102976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23785                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3764313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2992600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 35441                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                284888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1000541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1220012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1000541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.647293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.647293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.377744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.377744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6152780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1845696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1401707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         240863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085133                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1320972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            240863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       111348                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              274442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        62494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          130755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2464038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2189596     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          16636      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20945      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          33468      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13767      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          18106      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          21131      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9890      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         140499      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2464038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.498720                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2073010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          273098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36548                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1613666                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2075550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        64244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          270677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1602871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2239814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7449553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7449553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1847188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         392603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       151330                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        77746                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17437                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563392                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205736                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430138                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2464038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1833492     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286349     11.62%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118155      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65830      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89349      3.63%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27904      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27312      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14462      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2464038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10385     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1439     10.93%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1337     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256367     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20253      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137446      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77403      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.563158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5462337                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1769537                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1072                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563780                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151330                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77746                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13471                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26452                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134554                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211932                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         206657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            77378                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.552798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1450621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1450578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          869141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2334157                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.547651                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1324063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2422284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861284     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284708     11.75%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103009      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51521      2.13%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46901      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19832      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19488      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9246      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26295      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2422284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1074630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1324063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               196253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              120048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           191956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1192024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        27327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3959754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3169328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32805                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                184687                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1074630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1324063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1074630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.464779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.464779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.405716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.405716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6585614                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2029059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1491233                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         206011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77597                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166552                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1293087                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            206011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        82912                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              254796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         40173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        54753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12458                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2248565     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8928      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18326      0.73%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7558      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          41784      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37457      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7083      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15316      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         118344      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2503361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2153451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        68302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          253690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        27053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1515741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        27053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2156315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         47040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          251799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1513607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           61                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1785355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7124103                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7124103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1545786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         239569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           20930                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       353833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       177635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8717                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508524                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       139337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       342629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1991484     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153989      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126145      5.04%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54147      2.16%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68631      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66173      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37796      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3180      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1816      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3650     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28062     86.21%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          839      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905555     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12541      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342579     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176912     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.542779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5412296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1648095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1423523                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1743                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        27053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         43061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1373                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6637                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             518088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         186490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           176877                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.538516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1423641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1423523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          770063                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1522939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.537437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160946                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12670                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986707     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179155      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83980      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82469      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22570      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96051      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7440      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5276      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12660      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1146918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1347909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               512141                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              336249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           177945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1198718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3972503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3044771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                145364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1146918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1347909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1146918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.309428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.309428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.433008                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.433008                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7043484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1658543                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1795407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         203888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12929                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2106186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1157233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            203888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       137404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              255606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         60170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        32647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          129480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2180449     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          37013      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20493      0.84%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36187      1.49%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12688      0.52%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          33460      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5793      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10013      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          99959      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2436055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.076976                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.436902                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2089267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        50364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          254917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        20621                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1304258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1719                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2091535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         28403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        15497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1301565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1717564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5915762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5915762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1354567                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         362987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           17802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       225841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        40164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1240                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       257419                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       548175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1915651     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167563      6.88%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166776      6.85%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98925      4.06%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55045      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14814      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16505      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          439      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          337      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2268     58.36%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          898     23.11%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       943984     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9872      0.82%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203455     17.00%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39540      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196939                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.451893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3886                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003247                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4835059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51105                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         21689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        19555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179158                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             239420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         177556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            39515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.445179                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1163787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1163161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          701735                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1570728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.439140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.446758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       909779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2006396     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155261      6.48%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96596      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31310      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50276      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10604      0.44%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6846      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6095      0.25%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31474      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       909779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1032040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               213235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              174732                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           157585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          904383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        31474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3655962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2626426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                212670                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            909779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1032040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       909779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.911394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.911394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.343478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.343478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5463347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1526295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1365964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2648721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         217816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1064                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2091596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1217995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            217816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       105644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              252873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         63699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        50184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          129601                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2182099     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11649      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18351      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          24679      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          25966      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          21933      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11824      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          18673      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         119798      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2434972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082234                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2070244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        72002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          252251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        40080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1492682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        40080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2076382                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         16012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        42529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          246521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        13443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1491231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2082138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6933048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6933048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1775641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         306497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           42383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       140326                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        74849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1488315                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1842177     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242571      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123424      5.07%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93873      3.86%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73503      3.02%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29316      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19104      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9699      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1305      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           316     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     36.22%     48.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1281     51.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1181836     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20839      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127267      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74470      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530289                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5246970                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381225                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2868                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        40080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         12914                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1488681                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140326                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26125                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             193988                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         196401                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            74445                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522300                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1381294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1381225                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          793900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2139018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1035049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1273661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1872996     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258707     10.80%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97797      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46032      1.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39059      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22820      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20063      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8794      0.37%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28624      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1035049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1273661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               188838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              115441                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           183736                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1147490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3854946                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3017471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 33601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                213749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1035049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1273661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1035049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.559030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.559030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6223699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1926026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1383139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         215844                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87684                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82457                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2065441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1233087                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            215844                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       104154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              270054                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        61071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2439099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2169045     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          28921      1.19%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          33544      1.38%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          18300      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          20731      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11840      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           8112      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          21073      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         127533      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2439099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.465540                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2048078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          267554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        42171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1504766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        42171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2051846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         15725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        53591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          266077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9685                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1502877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2090515                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6996638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6996638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1753876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         336605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           28019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       143696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        77462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1406948                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1886                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205377                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       480359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2439099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847573     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237434      9.73%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127712      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88343      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77506      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39691      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9953      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6232      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4655      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2439099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           361     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     45.12%     56.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1371     43.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178590     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21978      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129501      9.20%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76708      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1406948                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3156                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002243                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5258037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1410104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        42171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1499384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          763                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13311                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1384849                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             198174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         192975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            76668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1382106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1382011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          822157                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2156403                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881101     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239320      9.98%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100362      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59789      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41504      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27070      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14310      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11163      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22309      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1029537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1263250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               191145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           180796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1138913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        22309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3873996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3040954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                209626                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1029537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1263250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1029537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.572734                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.572734                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.388692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.388692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6245573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1920471                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1402426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         240798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85667                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2084558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1320340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            240798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       111265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              274353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        62778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          130739                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2463746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2189393     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          16677      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20888      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          33446      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13749      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          18165      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          21074      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9883      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         140471      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2463746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.498481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2072490                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        76273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          273001                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41836                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        36581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          222                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1613050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1310                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41836                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2075063                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        64351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          270549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1602155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2238501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7446081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7446081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1845670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         392831                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       151373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        77730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2463746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1833622     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285980     11.61%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118260      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65817      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89307      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27805      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27316      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14454      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1185      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2463746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10377     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     10.89%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1339     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255568     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20252      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137385      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77371      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.562821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13148                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008820                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5460250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1769357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1578                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41836                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          434                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463423                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             211914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         206574                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            77342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.552501                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1449751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1449714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          868553                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2332130                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.547325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23240                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861394     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284485     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102862      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51461      2.12%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46868      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19841      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19486      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9260      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26253      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1073730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1323029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               196112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              119960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           191836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1191067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3958733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3168020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                184979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1073730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1323029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1073730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.466845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.466845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.405376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.405376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6581757                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2027682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1490506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         203857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124665                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2108573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1157249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            203857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       137539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        32883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          129487                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2438732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2182911     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          36933      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20660      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          36370      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12659      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          33559      1.38%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5707      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9947      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          99986      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2438732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.436908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2090540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        51724                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          255093                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41039                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        20543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          418                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1304583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41039                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2092981                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         29245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252795                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1301600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1717411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5916032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5916032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1355564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         361831                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           18638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       226015                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        40142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          190                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       546263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2438732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1917799     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167920      6.89%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167097      6.85%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98998      4.06%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54879      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14813      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16485      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          323      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2438732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2239     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          904     23.40%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944061     78.86%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9857      0.82%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203571     17.01%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39532      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.451957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3863                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003227                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4838010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163520                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1164                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1639                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41039                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         22007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226015                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          488                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        19370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199925                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             239425                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         177626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            39500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.445216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1164099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1163520                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          702093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1571182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.439276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.446857                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2397693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2008979     83.79%     83.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155384      6.48%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96703      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31448      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50115      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10534      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6774      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6078      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31678      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2397693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       910617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1032878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               213490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              174987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           157712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          905094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3658616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2626309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                209993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            910617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1032878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       910617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.908715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.908715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.343794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.343794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5464645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1526580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1366227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         241006                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200570                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25612                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2086395                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1321302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            241006                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       111380                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              274540                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        62923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          130873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22197                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2465969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2191429     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16675      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20920      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33430      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13773      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          18165      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          21190      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9901      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         140486      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2465969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090989                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.498845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2074168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        76577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          273189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36586                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1614082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1299                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2076741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        64672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          270732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1603144                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2240124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7450391                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7450391                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1846662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         393462                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23244                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       151401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        77766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431001                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2465969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835335     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286274     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118325      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65853      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89456      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27792      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27231      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14521      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1182      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2465969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10371     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1439     10.94%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1342     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256406     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20265      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137489      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77414      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.563198                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13152                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5464469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1770313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31353                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1564021                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134662                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             212051                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         206716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.552837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1450622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1450582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          869118                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2333401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.547653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372468                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1863141     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284754     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102941      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51562      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46825      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19822      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19481      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9236      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26314      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1074349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1323782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               196253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              120048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           191939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1191760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3961783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3169968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                182756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1074349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1323782                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1074349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.465423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.465423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.405610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.405610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6585703                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2029036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1491583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4592                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32747.633020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           613674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.436522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1112.119124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.746545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   270.205555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.823109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    51.916415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.307689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   119.523593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.532489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   178.921803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.499482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   189.790331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.201348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   124.090074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.617676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   124.800835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.746852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   268.014360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    11.859675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    49.779386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.530453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.193099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.285855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   122.091347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.547599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    85.690254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.841631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    87.099664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.049305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    51.170944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.492278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   119.264522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.067511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    44.757053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2897.603887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1112.093344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1934.499820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2166.758859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2143.056692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1912.936364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1910.867268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2882.956527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1112.245452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2094.546765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1940.954996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1329.411601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1718.033358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1133.574937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1877.971625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1111.543667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.033939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.088428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.033938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.059036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.066124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.065401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.058378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.058315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.087981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.063920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.059233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.052430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.034594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.057311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.033922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2301                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2301                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2147155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     82346649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4090207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17171549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4035833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32646447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58592267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     60853809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3894635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33207515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4286878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33911080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2062621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80685023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3168437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17323306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2181839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     62305746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4041791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32868598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4337363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23312787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2143836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24584019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3512299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17216740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4011137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32581119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16067301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       677205412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8611452                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9317297                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       311252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18240001                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2147155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90958101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4090207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17171549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4035833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32646447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58592267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     60853809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3894635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33207515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4286878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33911080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2062621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     90002320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3168437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17323306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2181839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     62305746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4041791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32868598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4337363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23312787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2143836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24895271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3512299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17216740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4011137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32581119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16067301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        695445413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2147155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90958101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4090207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17171549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4035833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     32646447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58592267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2254434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     60853809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3894635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33207515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4286878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33911080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2062621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     90002320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3168437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17323306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2181839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     62305746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4041791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32868598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4337363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     23312787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2143836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24895271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3512299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17216740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4011137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32581119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3221437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16067301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       695445413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2301                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2301                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.371237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.519099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.339207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.435993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.802632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.325714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.547048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.441355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.325714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.547048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.441355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165165.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151931.086716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157315.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150627.622807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155224.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151140.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152968.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151010.997423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150295.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151002.007444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149793.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149583.400901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153102.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152067.623318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158663.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152235.892453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150877.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151958.824561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155845.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151227.538835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155453.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150773.385321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154905.821429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151381.733766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153131.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151753.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159649.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151024.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154274.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152248.219626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146428.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153021.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151669.745129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151078.105263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147893.603175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       155626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149508.204918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165165.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151849.918197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157315.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150627.622807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155224.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151140.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152968.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151010.997423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150295.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151002.007444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149793.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149583.400901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153102.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152067.623318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158663.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151774.569983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150877.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151958.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155845.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151227.538835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155453.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150773.385321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154905.821429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151381.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153131.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151800.432927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159649.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151024.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154274.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152248.219626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146428.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153021.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151612.254851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165165.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151849.918197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157315.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150627.622807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155224.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151140.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152968.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151010.997423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150295.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151002.007444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149793.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149583.400901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153102.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152067.623318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158663.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151774.569983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150877.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151958.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155845.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151227.538835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155453.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150773.385321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154905.821429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151381.733766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153131.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151800.432927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159649.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151024.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154274.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152248.219626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146428.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153021.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151612.254851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1663                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1663                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            122                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1391168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50799923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2578492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10540377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2525164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20075434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1325232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36016967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1383367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37411687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2385194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20275571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2661744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20933260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1306552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     49829761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1949068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10695322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1367191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38319067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2533803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20176171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2706344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14343224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1328849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15153981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2234325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10586204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20131503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1938700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9956777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417365945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5290843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5648400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       194703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11133946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1391168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56090766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2578492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10540377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2525164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20075434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1325232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36016967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1383367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37411687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2385194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20275571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2661744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20933260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1306552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55478161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1949068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10695322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1367191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38319067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2533803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20176171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2706344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14343224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1328849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15348684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2234325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10586204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20131503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1938700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9956777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428499891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1391168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56090766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2578492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10540377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2525164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20075434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1325232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36016967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1383367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37411687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2385194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20275571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2661744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20933260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1306552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55478161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1949068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10695322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1367191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38319067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2533803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     20176171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2706344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14343224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1328849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15348684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2234325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10586204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2505523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20131503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1938700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9956777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428499891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.371237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.379898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.519099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.331395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.339207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.359664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.304348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.435993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.325714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.547048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.441355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.325714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.360601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.463560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.478622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.369384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.377966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.547048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.491647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.301724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.441355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107012.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93726.795203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99172.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92459.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97121.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92941.824074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94659.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92827.234536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92224.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92832.970223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91738.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91331.400901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95062.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93871.121076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       100504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94018.416981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92812.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93818.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97656.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93007.444175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97453.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92551.243119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93137.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94917.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93543.092593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101560.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92861.438596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96366.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94072.443925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88122.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94826.447619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93475.015677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92821.807018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89657.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97351.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91261.852459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107012.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93640.677796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99172.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92459.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97121.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92941.824074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94659.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92827.234536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92224.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92832.970223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91738.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91331.400901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95062.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93871.121076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       100504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93555.077572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92812.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93818.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97656.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93007.444175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97453.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92551.243119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93137.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94917.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93589.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101560.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92861.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96366.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94072.443925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88122.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94826.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93416.152387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107012.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93640.677796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99172.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92459.447368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97121.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92941.824074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94659.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92827.234536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92224.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92832.970223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91738.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91331.400901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95062.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93871.121076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       100504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93555.077572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92812.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93818.614035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97656.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93007.444175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97453.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92551.243119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93137.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94917.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93589.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101560.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92861.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96366.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94072.443925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88122.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94826.447619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93416.152387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.366534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2757539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2757539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2757539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2757539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2757539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2757539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162208.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162208.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162208.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162208.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162208.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162208.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174335.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174335.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174335.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174335.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174335.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174335.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92482.252959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   189.909619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    66.090381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.258166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    332771321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332771321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     76797338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76797338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409568659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409568659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409568659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409568659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 133912.000402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133912.000402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 182850.804762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182850.804762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140987.490189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140987.490189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140987.490189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140987.490189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1809                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    122679927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122679927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9295511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9295511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131975438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131975438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131975438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131975438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118075.001925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118075.001925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163079.140351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163079.140351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120415.545620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120415.545620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120415.545620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120415.545620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              468.209486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              749857182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1552499.341615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.209486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         130707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        130707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6356209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6356209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6356209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6356209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6356209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6356209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       130742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       130742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 181605.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181605.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 181605.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181605.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 181605.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181605.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5269522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5269522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5269522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188197.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188197.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188197.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188197.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188197.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188197.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              108862531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             179641.140264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   117.052020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   138.947980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.457234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.542766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        75777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       179195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         179195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       179195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        179195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97266477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97266477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1098520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1098520                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     98364997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98364997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     98364997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98364997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       104294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        75789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       180083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       180083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111034.791096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111034.791096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91543.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91543.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110771.393018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110771.393018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110771.393018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110771.393018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35530916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35530916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       216835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35747751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35747751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35747751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35747751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102394.570605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102394.570605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72278.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72278.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102136.431429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102136.431429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102136.431429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102136.431429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.351993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643069691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1162874.667269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.252485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.099508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         129469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        129469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6224061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6224061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6224061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6224061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       129504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       129504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177830.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177830.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177830.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177830.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177830.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177830.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5152509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5152509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5152509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5152509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5152509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5152509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190833.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190833.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190833.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190833.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190833.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190833.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150604451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             176351.816159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.309149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.690851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.618395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.381605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       180999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         219307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        219307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229522704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    229522704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1627704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1627704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231150408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    231150408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231150408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    231150408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111095.210068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111095.210068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108513.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108513.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111076.601634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111076.601634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111076.601634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111076.601634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     63882071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63882071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       272548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       272548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     64154619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64154619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     64154619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64154619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107184.682886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107184.682886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 90849.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90849.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107102.869783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107102.869783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107102.869783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107102.869783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.531627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765407065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1374159.901257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.531627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         126167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       126167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        126167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2720288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2720288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2720288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2720288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2720288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2720288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       126183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       126183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       126183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       170018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       170018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       170018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       170018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2399958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2399958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2399958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2399958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2399958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2399958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171425.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171425.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171425.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171425.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171425.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171425.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287890523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             263394.806038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.855456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   154.144544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.397873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.602127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       321988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       175823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175823                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       497811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         497811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       497811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        497811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369617016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    369617016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369617016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    369617016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369617016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    369617016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       325008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       175823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       500831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       500831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122389.740397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122389.740397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122389.740397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122389.740397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122389.740397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122389.740397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     95629212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95629212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     95629212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95629212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     95629212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95629212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114252.344086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114252.344086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114252.344086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114252.344086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114252.344086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114252.344086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              557.498535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765406940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1371697.025090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.498535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         126042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        126042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3000563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3000563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3000563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3000563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3000563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3000563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       126060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       126060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166697.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166697.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166697.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166697.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166697.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166697.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2559440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2559440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2559440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2559440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2559440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2559440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170629.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170629.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170629.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287890787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             262195.616576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.615087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.384913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       322219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       498075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         498075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       498075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        498075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    377093253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377093253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    377093253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377093253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    377093253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377093253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       325282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       175856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       501138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       501138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       501138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       501138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123112.390793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.390793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123112.390793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.390793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123112.390793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123112.390793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97182228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97182228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97182228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97182228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97182228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97182228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115418.323040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115418.323040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115418.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115418.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115418.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115418.323040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.246047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643069568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1162874.444846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.146189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.099859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5530166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5530166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5530166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5530166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5530166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5530166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172817.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172817.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172817.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172817.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172817.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172817.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4861910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4861910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4861910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180070.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180070.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180070.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180070.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180070.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180070.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150604397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             175734.418903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   158.493387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    97.506613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.619115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.380885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       180870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2068                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2068                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    226609520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226609520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1558817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1558817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    228168337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228168337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    228168337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228168337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       182923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110379.698003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110379.698003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103921.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103921.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110332.851547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110332.851547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110332.851547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110332.851547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63302934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63302934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       256072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       256072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63559006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63559006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63559006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63559006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105857.749164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105857.749164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85357.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85357.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105755.417637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105755.417637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105755.417637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105755.417637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.717003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              643069618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1158683.996396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.562374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   524.154629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.839991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         129396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        129396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6168162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6168162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6168162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6168162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6168162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6168162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       129432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       129432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171337.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171337.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171337.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171337.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171337.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171337.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5373599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5373599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5373599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5373599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5373599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5373599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185296.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185296.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185296.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185296.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185296.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185296.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              150604158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             178019.099291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   155.766908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   100.233092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.608464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.391536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       180699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       219014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         219014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       219014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        219014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    230451283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230451283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1560047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1560047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    232011330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    232011330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    232011330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    232011330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       182741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       221071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       221071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112855.672380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112855.672380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104003.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104003.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112791.118133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112791.118133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112791.118133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112791.118133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63488160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63488160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       262492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       262492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63750652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63750652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63750652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63750652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108157.001704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108157.001704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87497.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87497.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108051.952542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108051.952542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108051.952542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108051.952542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.746167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750132533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1494287.914343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.746167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2692470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2692470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2692470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2692470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2692470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2692470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149581.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149581.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149581.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149581.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149581.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149581.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2176560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2176560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2176560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167427.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167427.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167427.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167427.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167427.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167427.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125036115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             93310.533582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   190.417404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    65.582596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.743818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.256182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        94695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       171174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         171174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       171174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        171174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    321768780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321768780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     81992396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81992396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    403761176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403761176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    403761176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403761176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        76941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.024929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 132907.385378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132907.385378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 177472.718615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177472.718615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 140048.968436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140048.968436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 140048.968436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140048.968436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    120354645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120354645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9900817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9900817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    130255462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130255462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    130255462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130255462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 117879.182174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117879.182174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 157155.825397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157155.825397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120161.865314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120161.865314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120161.865314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120161.865314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              467.247248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749857200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1568738.912134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.247248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         130725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        130725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5542298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5542298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5542298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5542298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5542298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5542298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       130755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       130755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184743.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184743.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184743.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184743.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184743.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184743.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4310776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4310776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4310776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4310776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4310776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4310776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187425.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187425.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187425.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187425.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187425.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187425.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108862546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             180534.902156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   117.081321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   138.918679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.457349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.542651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       179205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         179205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       179205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        179205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     96731465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96731465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1574292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1574292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98305757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98305757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     98305757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98305757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       104268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       180096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       180096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110047.172924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110047.172924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       131191                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       131191                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110331.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110331.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110331.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110331.938272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     34924729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34924729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       312883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       312883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35237612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35237612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35237612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35237612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101525.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101525.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104294.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104294.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101549.314121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101549.314121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101549.314121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101549.314121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.529685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765406932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374159.662478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.529685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2674212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2674212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2674212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2674212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2674212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2674212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167138.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167138.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167138.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167138.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167138.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167138.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2337577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2337577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2337577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166969.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166969.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166969.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166969.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166969.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166969.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287890506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             263154.027422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.909391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.090609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.398084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.601916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       322072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       175719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         497791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       497791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        497791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    381039170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381039170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    381039170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    381039170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    381039170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    381039170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       325113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       500832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125300.614929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125300.614929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125300.614929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125300.614929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125300.614929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125300.614929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97750971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97750971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97750971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97750971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97750971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97750971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116647.936754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116647.936754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116647.936754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116647.936754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116647.936754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116647.936754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.330745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643069671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1162874.631103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.230397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.100349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         129449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       129449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        129449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5946640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5946640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5946640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5946640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5946640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5946640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       129480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       129480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       129480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191827.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191827.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191827.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191827.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191827.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191827.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5274054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5274054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5274054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5274054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5274054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5274054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195335.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195335.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195335.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195335.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195335.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195335.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150604336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             177390.266196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   156.232786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    99.767214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.610284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.389716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       180897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       219195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         219195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       219195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        219195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    224725044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224725044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1391540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1391540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226116584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226116584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    226116584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226116584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       182910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       221223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       221223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111636.882265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111636.882265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92769.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92769.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111497.329389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111497.329389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111497.329389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111497.329389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63464316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63464316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       222644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63686960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63686960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63686960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63686960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107566.637288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107566.637288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74214.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74214.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107397.908938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107397.908938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107397.908938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107397.908938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              499.251687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746409242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1480970.718254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.251687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         129566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        129566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6021878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6021878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6021878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6021878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6021878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6021878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       129601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       129601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172053.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172053.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172053.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172053.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172053.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172053.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4968017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4968017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4968017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4968017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4968017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4968017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171310.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171310.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171310.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171310.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 171310.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171310.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112762407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             158152.043478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   159.045283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    96.954717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.621271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.378729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        73036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       160493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         160493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       160493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        160493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    172903036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    172903036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1198965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1198965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174102001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    174102001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174102001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    174102001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        88909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       161960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       161960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119079.225895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119079.225895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        79931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118678.937287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118678.937287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118678.937287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118678.937287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45195473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45195473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45387773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45387773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45387773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45387773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99549.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99549.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99316.789934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99316.789934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99316.789934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99316.789934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.840893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746973368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1505994.693548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.840893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3181567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3181567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3181567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3181567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3181567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3181567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159078.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159078.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159078.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159078.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159078.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159078.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2261217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2261217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2261217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2261217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161515.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161515.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161515.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161515.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161515.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161515.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              117716819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             152088.913437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   168.629702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    87.370298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.658710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.341290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        74667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         163599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        163599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215520196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215520196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8171653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8171653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    223691849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223691849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    223691849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223691849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        90725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        74718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       165443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       165443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120200.890128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120200.890128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160228.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160228.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121307.944143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121307.944143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121307.944143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121307.944143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50362678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50362678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       327852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       327852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50690530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50690530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50690530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50690530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97602.089147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97602.089147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       163926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97858.166023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97858.166023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97858.166023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97858.166023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              467.435842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749857185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1565463.851775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.435842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         130710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        130710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5520789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5520789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5520789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5520789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5520789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5520789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       130739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       130739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190372.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190372.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190372.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190372.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 190372.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190372.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4656254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4656254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4656254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4656254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 194010.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 194010.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 194010.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108862535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             180534.883914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.105898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   138.894102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.457445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.542555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       179198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         179198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       179198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        179198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     97391808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97391808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1075203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1075203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98467011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     98467011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98467011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     98467011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       104304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       180081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       180081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111304.923429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111304.923429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 134400.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134400.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111514.168743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111514.168743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111514.168743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111514.168743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35435169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35435169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       324241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       324241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35759410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35759410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35759410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35759410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103009.212209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103009.212209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108080.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108080.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103053.054755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103053.054755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103053.054755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103053.054755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.536646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643069675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1162874.638336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.437169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.099477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         129453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        129453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6143882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6143882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6143882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6143882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6143882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6143882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       129487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       129487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180702.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180702.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180702.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180702.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 180702.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180702.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5137723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5137723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5137723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5137723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5137723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5137723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190286.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190286.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190286.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190286.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 190286.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190286.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150604302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             176351.641686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   158.127688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    97.872312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.617686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.382314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         219160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        219160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    228767591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228767591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1610366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1610366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    230377957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230377957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    230377957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230377957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       182916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111376.626582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111376.626582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107357.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107357.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111347.490092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111347.490092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111347.490092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111347.490092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     63786027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63786027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       262463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       262463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64048490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64048490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64048490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64048490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107203.406723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107203.406723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87487.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87487.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107104.498328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107104.498328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107104.498328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107104.498328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              467.457289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749857319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1565464.131524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.457289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         130844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        130844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5022395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5022395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5022395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5022395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       130873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       130873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173186.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173186.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173186.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173186.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173186.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173186.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4186465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4186465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4186465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4186465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4186465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4186465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174436.041667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174436.041667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174436.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174436.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174436.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174436.041667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108862669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             180236.206954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.222628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   138.777372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.457901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.542099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         179327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        179327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     93282852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93282852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1142761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1142761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94425613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94425613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94425613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94425613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       104388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       180216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       180216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106365.851767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106365.851767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95230.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95230.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106215.537683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106215.537683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106215.537683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106215.537683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34080934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34080934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       220691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34301625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34301625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34301625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34301625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98785.315942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98785.315942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73563.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73563.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
