
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123111430833                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647939024370                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 293573                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370527                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2053885                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59940.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17597004197                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22209650456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4145280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4139648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2616576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2626944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1211264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2573440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2620032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2597120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1693824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4866944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1211008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4135680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2615680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4134400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1697536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             44173440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     14074112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          14074112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        32341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        13233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        38023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        13262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                345105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          109954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               109954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33670959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33625212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21253721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21337937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9838761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20903339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9835642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21281793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21095685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13758462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39532836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9836682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33592981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21246443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33582584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13788614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               358808599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40549                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             626944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114320107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114320107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114320107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33670959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33625212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21253721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21337937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9838761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        34310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20903339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9835642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21281793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21095685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13758462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39532836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9836682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33592981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        38469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21246443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33582584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        42628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13788614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              473128706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20751603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16970314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025041                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8551017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8183433                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201391087                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117786192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20751603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10317693                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24674606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5898662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9295634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12384193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038391                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239190063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214515457     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1336759      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2110749      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364985      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1394272      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1552965      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1664627      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1086774      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12163475      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239190063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199472245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11229383                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24597905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3828258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3402741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143809824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3067                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3828258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199777834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2290397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8028010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24359976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       905583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143719619                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        30387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       333650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65791                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199519943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668582758                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668582758                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29278093                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36962                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20493                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2663874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13686714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7364922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143522491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135829012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18179803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40573692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239190063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181887785     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23021889      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12571410      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8572017      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8008767      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302117      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797889      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610247      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417942      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239190063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31511     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95238     38.23%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122377     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113781249     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149800      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12554892      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7326610      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135829012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460077                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511268188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161740879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133653532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136078138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       409700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2450315                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          378                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221904                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8439                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3828258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1418503                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122616                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143559723                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        41850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13686714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7364922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20488                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2340077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133901325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11808179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1927684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19133041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7324862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133654418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133653532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78142149                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204127622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20985759                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2068398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235361805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185605123     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24097261     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378935      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055935      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782171      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114372      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303369      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166213      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858426      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235361805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2858426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376063055                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290949206                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3263501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56041187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603832182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185253996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134158315                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20749759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968465                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025238                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8548464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8179502                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201329408                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117760848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20749759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10313651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24668998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5899489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      9226207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12381285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2038483                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    239054002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      214385004     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1336929      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2109544      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3360934      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1393598      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1556377      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1665430      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1086206      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12159980      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    239054002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199414106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     11156678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24592485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3828918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3402792                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    143781043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3828918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199718622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2229351                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      8020983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24355292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       900831                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    143689985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        34238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       246256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       332821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63675                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    199479153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    668429511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    668429511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    170196627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29282524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37099                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2655961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13685392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7362454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677333                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        143494733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       135803707                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18181388                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40557624                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4017                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239054002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181767531     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23009444      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12571142      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8569488      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8010238      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301496      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795669      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610883      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418111      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239054002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31540     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95579     38.30%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122404     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113762932     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148827      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16456      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12551335      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7324157      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    135803707                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249523                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511082093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161714833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133626067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    136053230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2451985                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          408                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8435                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3828918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1399431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122383                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143532099                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13685392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7362454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20632                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1158089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2340471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133873929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11804103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1929778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19126497                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18842520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7322394                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133626950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133626067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        78125501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       204087957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99973331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122542047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20990576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33194                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2068598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235225084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185483729     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24088953     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9376218      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055269      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3780342      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112161      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304910      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164798      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858704      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235225084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99973331                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122542047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18374501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11233407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16560                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17590545                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110419441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2489435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2858704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          375898327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         290894413                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3263030                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              56177248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99973331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122542047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99973331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.953100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.953100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      603697708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     185218160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     134127016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21687921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17783684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2125094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9117223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8477633                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2227637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207162616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            123223145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21687921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10705270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27099206                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6017172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19223488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12761458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2112405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    257340340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      230241134     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2926668      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3381030      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1871717      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2169479      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1189604      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         809387      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2111933      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12639388      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    257340340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205499722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20918043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26884104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       203227                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3835242                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3521855                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        19782                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    150443005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        97550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3835242                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205809232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7123366                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12896231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26786763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       889504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    150358166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       235379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       409149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    208935227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    700005420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    700005420                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    178590534                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30344693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2383402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14359101                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7820179                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735467                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        150138208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141978935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201224                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18623570                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42925547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4505                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257340340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197517910     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24062131      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12922564      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8945373      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7830767      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4011862      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959758      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       625169      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464806      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257340340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37446     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130205     42.65%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137655     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118851868     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2217247      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17392      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13127396      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7765032      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141978935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480908                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305306                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541804740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168802712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139631053                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142284241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2525913                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          907                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8696                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4202                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3835242                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6617441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150177920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14359101                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7820179                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111595                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1191400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2424180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139893803                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12328116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2085132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20091399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19575994                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7763283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473845                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139633297                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139631053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        82972588                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       217323835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472955                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104872354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128665808                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21513742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35076                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2137300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253505098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200941257     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24375843      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10213219      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6142324      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4249529      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2745277      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1421787      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145564      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270298      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253505098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104872354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128665808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19489237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11833188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18414426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       115997280                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2617734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2270298                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          401413648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         304194421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3173323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              37890910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104872354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128665808                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104872354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.815148                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.815148                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      631025566                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     193785665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     140397139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21677230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17776316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2119876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8987074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8467764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2224478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206894551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            123217364                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21677230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10692242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27085639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6020194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     19164707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12744656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2107396                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    257008413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      229922774     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2922860      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3379651      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1869296      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2166554      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1181842      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         811116      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2113731      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12640589      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    257008413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      205230224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     20860957                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26870055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       203434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3843741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3519286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        19769                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    150409950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        97752                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3843741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      205541003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       7360523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     12599100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26772052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       891992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    150325775                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       236365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       410266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208885612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    699883347                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    699883347                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    178381366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30504241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39132                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21737                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2389033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14341158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7817220                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1738481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        150102189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39205                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141856126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18747020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43354250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257008413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197243979     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24039371      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12897227      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8944521      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7828570      3.05%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4007289      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958963      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623709      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464784      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257008413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37228     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129238     42.58%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137053     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118747150     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2218398      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17371      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13111757      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7761450      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141856126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002140                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541225581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168889777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139516603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142159645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357053                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2521806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          884                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       170126                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8683                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4145                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3843741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6836357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       159157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150141524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14341158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7817220                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111664                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1189341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2419329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139778116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12312276                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2078010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20072033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19553784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7759757                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139518889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139516603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        82899987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       217163313                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104749592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    128515192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21627862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35036                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2131916                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253164672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200660182     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24348758      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10203080      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6134793      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4244246      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2741718      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1420494      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143851      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2267550      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253164672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    104749592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    128515192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19466446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11819352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18392870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       115861470                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2614661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2267550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          401039474                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         304129932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3166482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              38222837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         104749592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           128515192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    104749592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.818448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.818448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354805                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354805                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      630496387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     193622391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     140376392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       25634171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21343114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9819348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9383887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758763                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223074111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            140619561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          25634171                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12142650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29312592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6472385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     19996640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13850101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    276511309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      247198717     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1798641      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2271488      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3608177      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1509981      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1946425      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2268541      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1036589      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       14872750      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    276511309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086827                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476303                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      221766789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     21435022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        29173367                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        13947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4122183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3901604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    171860642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4122183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      221991452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        716316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     20091347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28962913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       627090                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    170803910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       437316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    238583107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    794305851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    794305851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    199790068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       38793039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        41533                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2204871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15969834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8366011                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93700                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1900607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        166771728                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       160070952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158533                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20112726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40816708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276511309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208675066     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30948620     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12650234      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7085415      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9601335      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954091      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2909260      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564040      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123248      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276511309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102636     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       147996     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142687     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134853085     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188599      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19812      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14668847      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8340609      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    160070952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542188                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598205065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186926908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155908285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    161464271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2984768                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          775                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        544668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166813417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15969834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8366011                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60120                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          775                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1381069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2686328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157285351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14431113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2785601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22771029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22245330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8339916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532753                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            155908692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           155908285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        93408407                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       250900106                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116232877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    143225573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23588478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2348350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272389126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211767661     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30723230     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11151725      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5561100      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5083168      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2136299      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109828      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006462      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849653      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272389126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    116232877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    143225573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21236211                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12985066                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19936                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         20760360                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       128949411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2957520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2849653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          436352718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         337750307                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3377893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18719941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         116232877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           143225573                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    116232877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.539998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.539998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      707736459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     217861939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     158977948                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        39928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20271041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18103165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13595429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13247680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214321790                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115125221                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20271041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     14463890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25677388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5294445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8596322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12967672                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    252264961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      226587573     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3917978      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1975357      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3876919      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1242072      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3591226      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         565211      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         910048      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9598577      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    252264961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068662                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.389949                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      212312704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10654514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25626653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3650489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1911886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18947                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    128770527                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        35769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3650489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      212541781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6866487                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3061613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25399320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       745267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    128583274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       100104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       568855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    168512123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    582743779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    582743779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    136723186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31788921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17259                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1720707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     23207525                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3762962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       854713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127923317                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       119823773                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23030213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47113226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252264961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199726328     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16513747      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17641150      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10177702      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5259991      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1318241      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561244      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36477      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30081      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252264961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200003     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82511     23.57%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67612     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93955968     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938574      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189761     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730947      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    119823773                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.405864                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492339657                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150971169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116785251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120173899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93885                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4722266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6022881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127940731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23207525                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2414                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619687                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1712543                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118305518                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20885572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1518255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24616340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17987121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3730768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.400722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            116812294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           116785251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70674836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       153895950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93048723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    104749263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23196560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17191                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1605812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248614472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209621112     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15318518      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9840440      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3097036      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5143438      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004580      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635565      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581549      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3372234      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248614472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     93048723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    104749263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22161829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            18485256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16072367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        91538984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1308704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3372234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373187710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         259545033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4785800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              42966289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          93048723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           104749263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     93048723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.172867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.172867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      549937337                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     152158072                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     136787377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        17176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       25611762                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21324730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2325169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9758992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9365597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2756914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222853194                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            140519583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          25611762                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12122511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29289246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6469334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20239403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13836445                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2222611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    276509519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      247220273     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1796485      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2259464      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3605193      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1517203      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1943200      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2266241      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1037442      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       14864018      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    276509519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221545735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     21677602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        29149786                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        13952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4122443                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3898063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          656                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    171758035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4122443                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221770000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        715180                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     20335814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28939561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       626513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    170701021                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        90600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       436884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    238419558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    793823341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    793823341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    199609334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       38810224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2200130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15975628                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8360017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94316                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1896767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        166664839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41502                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       159945697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20130041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40919415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276509519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208737280     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30911082     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12637938      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7081033      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9595113      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955315      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906477      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562497      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122784      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276509519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101466     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149537     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142560     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134744977     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186759      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19794      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14659169      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8334998      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    159945697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597954878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186837145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155785674                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    161339260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3002306                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122443                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        543758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68779                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166706347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15975628                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8360017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21556                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2683239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157162021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14418345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22752661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       22225308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8334316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532335                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            155786037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           155785674                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        93339057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       250746105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527673                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116127777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    143096061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23610958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2345036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272387076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211823493     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30693636     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11141231      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554343      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5079045      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132379      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109549      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005635      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847765      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272387076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    116127777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    143096061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21217023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12973322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             19918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         20741563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       128832828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2954848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2847765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          436245524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         337536497                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3375780                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18721731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         116127777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           143096061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    116127777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.542297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.542297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      707167786                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     217688407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158863034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        39892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21697750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17797243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2126068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8948771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8471463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2222961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207158858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            123342743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21697750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10694424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27122722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6041110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19164824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12764737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2114449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    257324266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      230201544     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2926136      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3395695      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1870250      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2168485      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1181611      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         804613      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2111658      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12664274      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    257324266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073494                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      205490816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20865307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26906489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       203568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3858084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3518746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        19774                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    150590042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        98023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3858084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      205802416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       7053568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12908451                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26807230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       894515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    150504923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       235626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       412326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    209134023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    700737814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    700737814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    178511209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30622814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2403697                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14375365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7821730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206012                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150271148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39167                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141976342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       199581                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18821369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43617021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257324266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197512128     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24049485      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12909945      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8960804      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7836682      3.05%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4007386      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958913      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623965      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464958      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257324266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36815     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133000     43.30%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137334     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118853396     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220787      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17384      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13119943      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7764832      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141976342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480899                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541783680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169133033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139629258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142283491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       355662                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2547417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          928                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4454                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3858084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6527794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       157804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150310445                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14375365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7821730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       110871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2427780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139889746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12321110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2086596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20084061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19568977                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7762951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473831                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139631379                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139629258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        82983080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       217403983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104825799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    128608687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21703240                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2138184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253466182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200922531     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24371898      9.62%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10210439      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6130916      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4251370      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2738610      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1426451      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145809      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268158      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253466182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    104825799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    128608687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19480609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11827948                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18406257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       115945770                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2616568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2268158                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          401509249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         304482014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3175226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              37906984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         104825799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           128608687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    104825799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.816399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.816399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      630981688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     193787169                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140512719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295228186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21685453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17784731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2123020                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9091867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8484344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2226006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95343                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207106448                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            123200202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21685453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10710350                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27109251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6013484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     19407553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12757372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2110832                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    257476681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      230367430     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2938298      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3393113      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1869406      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2169056      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1188198      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         808017      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2097625      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12645538      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    257476681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      205439371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21106328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26894383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       202978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3833619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3518309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        19805                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    150403740                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        98233                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3833619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      205756071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6898712                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     13309524                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26789641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       889112                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    150311897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       233734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       410042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           61                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    208877790                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    699819700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    699819700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    178557489                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30320244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39609                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2384315                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14359760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7816491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150071518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141897273                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       198938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18621986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42981309                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4628                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257476681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197669525     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24066918      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12926472      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8938542      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7818888      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4006336      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       960411      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624625      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464964      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257476681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37091     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130286     42.73%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137523     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118778067     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2216677      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17388      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13124019      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7761122      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141897273                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541775065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168734551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139549423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142202173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2528734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          924                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161849                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4174                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3833619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       6385236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150111347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14359760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7816491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1233060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1188944                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2422004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139814251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12326507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2083022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20085933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19567861                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7759426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473580                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            139551561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           139549423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        82942379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       217216863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472683                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104852921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    128642026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21470619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35069                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2135243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253643062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201088716     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24369418      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10214172      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6139735      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250071      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2744480      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1422119      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145147      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269204      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253643062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104852921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    128642026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19485626                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11831009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18411047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       115975833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2617258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2269204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          401485801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         304059067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3171285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              37751505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104852921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           128642026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104852921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355159                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355159                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      630688215                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     193686719                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     140367029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22774199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18634711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2231113                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9596320                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8980683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2355271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219608931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            127282278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22774199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11335954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26588456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6065306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     12103859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13434109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2232435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    262107258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      235518802     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1245356      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1973523      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2668403      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2747401      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2321137      0.89%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1295738      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1930307      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12406591      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    262107258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      217350048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     14382648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26539364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        30324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3804871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3748078                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    156211696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3804871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      217947321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1977694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     11024996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25979227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1373146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    156150547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       204505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       588908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    217900777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    726397247                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    726397247                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    189190102                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28710675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         4073581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14632943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7922624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        92760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1850907                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        155957445                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       148238411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17036579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40604308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1774                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262107258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199371204     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25801699      9.84%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13078436      4.99%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9850568      3.76%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7740521      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3125340      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1974281      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028006      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137203      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262107258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27339     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90248     36.58%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129096     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124679262     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2206877      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18596      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13436171      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7897505      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    148238411                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    558851100                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173033914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146004656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    148485094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300185                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103804                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3804871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1643174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    155996876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14632943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7922624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          613                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1301798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247970                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2549768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146182484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12642563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2055927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20539759                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20781244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7897196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.495146                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            146004906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           146004656                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83811273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       225830095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.494543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110285823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    135705545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20291360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2259265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258302387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202643449     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27578245     10.68%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10428498      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4967436      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4184941      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2403438      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2105508      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       948982      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3041890      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258302387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    110285823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    135705545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20109298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12290478                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19568940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       122269126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2794502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3041890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          411256648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         315798741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3330366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              33123992                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         110285823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           135705545                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    110285823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.676965                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.676965                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      657951281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     203389003                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     144803845                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19963971                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18014065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7575819                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7147147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46498                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211835047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125451094                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19963971                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8249670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24822643                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3285538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     29331123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12148943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046484                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    268207638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      243384995     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         889602      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1812820      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         773439      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4125615      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3676967      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         712574      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1480366      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11351260      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    268207638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209666170                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     31514505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24731345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2216859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1752803                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    147101593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2819                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2216859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      209938756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      29292947                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1284310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24570287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       904476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    147021835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       468779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       296945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7394                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172569892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    692423735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    692423735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    153118231                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19451655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17074                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8626                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2093402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34698377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17552731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       853032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146742648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141054288                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11339022                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27252701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268207638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217552685     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15467499      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12513729      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5405121      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6752912      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6410828      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3635236      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290260      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179368      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268207638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354992     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2712923     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79162      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88468208     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1232001      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8446      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33837783     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17507850     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141054288                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3147077                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553546471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158102460                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139853437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144201365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1344486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          547                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3674                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113178                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12436                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2216859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      28584264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       275956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146759861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34698377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17552731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3674                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1221999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140077456                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33726281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       976832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51232465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18357477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17506184                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139857076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139853437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75546595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       149100582                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113652626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133560321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13215713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1065044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265990779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217372488     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17888970      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8332973      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8199527      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2267005      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9384966      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711747      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521332      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311771      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265990779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113652626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133560321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50793436                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33353888                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17637432                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118767043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1293632                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1311771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          411454704                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         295769132                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4547092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              27023612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113652626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133560321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113652626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.597663                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.597663                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384961                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384961                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      692512737                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162376330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     175172551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       25613384                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21326065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2326201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9773673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9368057                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2756498                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222879566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140529454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          25613384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12124555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29289972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6466932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     20214367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13837856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2223349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    276511174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      247221202     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1796356      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2261917      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3606994      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1516029      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1942742      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2266848      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1036059      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       14863027      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    276511174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      221575236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     21652633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        29150407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        13897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4119000                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3898117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    171746526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4119000                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      221800712                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        715445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     20309517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28938951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       627541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    170683764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        90394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       438104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    238416225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    793735310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    793735310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    199628883                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       38787306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2208339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15959576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8359953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        166650810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       159946826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20106216                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40826603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1781                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276511174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208733012     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30916355     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12639485      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7082430      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9595310      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954024      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2904220      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563173      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123165      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276511174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101869     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148012     10.63%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142583     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134747819     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186939      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19796      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14657785      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8334487      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    159946826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1392464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597956479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186799506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155789340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161339290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2984991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          772                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4119000                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        544115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166692528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15959576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8359953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          772                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1304777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2684437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157165701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14420171                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2781123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22753892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22228491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8333721                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532348                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            155789793                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           155789340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        93337934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       250711007                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527686                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116139120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    143110022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23583169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39930                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2346084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272392174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211820802     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30695137     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11143683      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558550      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5078611      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2134339      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2108806      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005074      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847172      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272392174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    116139120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    143110022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21219073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12974582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19920                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         20743588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       128845397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2955135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2847172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          436237387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         337505432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3374965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18720076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         116139120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           143110022                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    116139120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.542048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.542048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      707192260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     217700355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     158873924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        39896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295231242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20702577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16929274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8692571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8189352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90044                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201179360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117429609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20702577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10313938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24620880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5870383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9351767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12370690                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    238951824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      214330944     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1344834      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2112773      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3352409      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1392189      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1563865      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1652185      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1081872      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12120753      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    238951824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397755                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199278889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11267245                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24545004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        61341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3799342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3394984                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          477                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143380722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3034                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3799342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199582561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2329636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      8020345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24307637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       912298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143286224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        45570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       246394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       330275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        81606                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    198927760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    666470524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    666470524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170011202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28916518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2650491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13649934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7349048                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1667779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143090881                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135568428                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171500                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17889251                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39665081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4166                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238951824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181735627     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23002093      9.63%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12563410      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8548484      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7983459      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2297136      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1793194      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611985      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416436      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238951824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31577     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95415     38.30%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122118     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113562118     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2140286      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16438      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12539775      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309811      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135568428                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510509290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161018964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133406068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135817538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       414230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428743                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          433                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       215724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8434                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           57                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3799342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1453650                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       125175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143128362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13649934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7349048                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2341618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133653693                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11794181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1914735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19102191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18817050                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7308010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452709                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133407014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133406068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77978545                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       203592777                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.383012                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99864508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122408578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20720378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2069034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235152482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185463389     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24062410     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9370346      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5045057      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3779882      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2110064      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303557      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1163101      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2854676      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235152482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99864508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122408578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18354506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11221184                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16542                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17571367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110299182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2486717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2854676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375426086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290057520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3260047                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              56279418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99864508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122408578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99864508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.956318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.956318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      602736648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184909241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133774516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21697509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17793511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2123200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8942159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8466148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2222468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207020402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            123340727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21697509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10688616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27113657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6039997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     19275325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12755978                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2111467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    257289103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      230175446     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2926016      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3384003      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1868725      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2169429      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1180051      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         805476      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2116580      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12663377      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    257289103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073493                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205353035                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     20975020                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26898010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       203089                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3859947                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3522299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        19766                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    150591746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        97724                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3859947                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205663835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6887332                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     13184831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26799279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       893877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    150506230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       236401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       411437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    209121695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    700734151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    700734151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    178452045                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30669628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        39047                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21638                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2399638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14371690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7825075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1738227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150271731                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39101                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141961441                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18861973                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43705386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4053                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257289103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197491734     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24037833      9.34%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12907112      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8957149      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7836352      3.05%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4013137      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958143      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623158      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464485      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257289103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36921     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133945     43.46%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137325     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118834454     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220556      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17378      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13119974      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7769079      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141961441                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            308191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541720589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169174164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139612488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142269632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2547640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       174925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4322                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3859947                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6374117                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       157176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150310967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14371690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7825075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21598                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109669                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2424584                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139877703                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12321150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2083737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20088218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19566729                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7767068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473790                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139614578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139612488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82966233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       217378680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472892                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381667                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104791095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    128566144                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21746315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35048                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2135348                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253429156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200908060     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24360424      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10206127      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6125846      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250673      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2738441      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1425316      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145017      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269252      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253429156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    104791095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    128566144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19474200                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11824050                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18400160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       115907419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2615704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2269252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          401471661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         304484957                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3170983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              37942147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         104791095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           128566144                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    104791095                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.817331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.817331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.354946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.354946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630907868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     193754940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140510975                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35016                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20750787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8580885                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8185547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89803                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201480042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117759028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20750787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10320386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24671224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5898965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9279179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12389844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    239257000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      214585776     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1334875      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2108142      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3364495      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1395405      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1558108      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1664111      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1089559      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12156529      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    239257000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070287                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199566208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11207823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24595174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        61703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3826089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3403530                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143792807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3826089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199867736                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2233183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      8071620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24361024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       897343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143704622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        36038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       246182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       332034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61425                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199493208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668489865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668489865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170275952                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29217256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37073                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2649788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13692255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7366049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143516640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135853778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170740                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18139803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40411917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3966                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239257000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181941509     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23029067      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12575718      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8570970      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8011378      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302964      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795813      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611493      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       418088      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239257000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31500     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95080     38.14%     50.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122683     49.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113804737     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148352      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16464      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12557309      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7326916      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135853778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249263                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511384559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161695112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133677510                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136103041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2453623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          386                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1520                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8469                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3826089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1382669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143553959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        21913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13692255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7366049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89808                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1520                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156618                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2342183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133924169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11810638                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1929609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19135723                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18849767                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7325085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133678397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133677510                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78152816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204152490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100019941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122599123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20955382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2070908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235430911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185665117     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24100457     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380049      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5058055      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784038      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114423      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303540      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166960      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858272      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235430911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100019941                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122599123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18383060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11238632                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17598725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110470855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2490583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2858272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          376126468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290935319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3265692                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              55974250                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100019941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122599123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100019941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.951724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.951724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      603935644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185283710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134134424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295231250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22817262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18669282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2236964                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9602968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8999014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2360433                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220036334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127526409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22817262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11359447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26642680                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6078244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     11841584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13462121                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2238100                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    262333651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      235690971     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1248531      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1978526      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2677626      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2750610      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2326122      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1298906      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1931577      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12430782      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    262333651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      217774479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     14123547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26593390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        30327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3811905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3755728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    156510348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3811905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      218372359                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1997028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     10744909                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26032833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1374614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    156450309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       204445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       589747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    218324527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    727793192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    727793192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    189562532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28761990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         4079399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14660583                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7938670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1844442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        156257679                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       148535276                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17055567                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40640092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1799                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262333651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199481498     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25841189      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13100794      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9876168      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7755870      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3133254      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1977498      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029783      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137597      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262333651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27742     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90403     36.59%     47.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128944     52.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124929194     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2211657      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18632      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13462855      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7912938      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    148535276                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.503115                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559671743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173353219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146293501                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    148782365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2345917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          596                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3811905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1662380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156297208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14660583                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7938670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20610                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113933                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          596                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1304919                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1251417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2556336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146471608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12666342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2063668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20578978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20823797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7912636                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            146293715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           146293501                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        83980254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       226280439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495522                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110502901                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    135972689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20324537                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2265170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258521746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202760045     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27626137     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10450339      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4978142      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4185861      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2407959      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2113692      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       950511      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3049060      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258521746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    110502901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    135972689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20148847                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12314664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19607478                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       122509791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2799997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3049060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          411769158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         316406428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3338296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              32897599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         110502901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           135972689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    110502901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.671706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.671706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      659245636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     203794905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     145081273                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        37546                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32433                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.867579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.217049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.045634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1668.456887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         363.867795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.177670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8470                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8470                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40701                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40702                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32385                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32423                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56801101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30246247694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30303048795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26990943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26990943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56801101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30273238637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30330039738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56801101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30273238637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30330039738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8470                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8470                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1494765.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 934911.217050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935568.039364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817907.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817907.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1494765.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 934791.991261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935448.284798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1494765.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 934791.991261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935448.284798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53464701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27405242277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27458706978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24092859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24092859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53464701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27429335136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27482799837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53464701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27429335136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27482799837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1406965.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847095.767711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847752.608151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 730086.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730086.636364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1406965.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 846976.536545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847632.848194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1406965.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 846976.536545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847632.848194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        32389                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.588735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         167866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        34437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         4.874583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.423028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.194720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1668.400682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         364.570305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.814649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.178013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8471                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8471                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  40727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40726                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 40727                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               32346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                32379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32341                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               32379                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62792268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30162551197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30225343465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30736746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30736746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62792268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30193287943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    30256080211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62792268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30193287943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   30256080211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             72968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8471                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8471                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              73106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             73106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1652428.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933593.883775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934438.368423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 931416.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931416.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1652428.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933591.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934435.288644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1652428.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 933591.662070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934435.288644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           32379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          32379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59454768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27325004866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27384459634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27837286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27837286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59454768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27352842152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27412296920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59454768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27352842152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27412296920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.443006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564599.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845765.905225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846610.388734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843554.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843554.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564599.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845763.648372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846607.273850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1564599.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845763.648372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846607.273850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20492                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.522519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         233347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.352573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.403663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.575956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1665.010275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         347.532625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.812993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.169694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               20812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38351                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38352                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20479                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17271576555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17346244522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8714580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8714580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17280291135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    17354959102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17280291135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   17354959102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           20812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845278.547203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847398.364533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 968286.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968286.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845332.703992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847451.491870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845332.703992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847451.491870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15477265178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15548684545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7924380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7924380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15485189558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15556608925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15485189558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15556608925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757464.159839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759584.003175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 880486.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880486.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757518.322963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759637.136823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757518.322963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759637.136823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20574                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.535953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         233255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        10.310980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.153291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.616954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1667.887645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         344.878063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.814398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.168397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               20804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38263                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38264                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20523                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20560                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68900702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17475551539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17544452241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4798487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4798487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68900702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17480350026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    17549250728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68900702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17480350026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   17549250728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           20804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.029940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.029940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862181.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851718.078711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853536.961372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 959697.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959697.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862181.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851744.385616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853562.778599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862181.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851744.385616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853562.778599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              11063                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   11063                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65649601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15673577566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15739227167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4359487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4359487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65649601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15677937053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15743586654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65649601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15677937053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15743586654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.029940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774313.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763894.023102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765712.827390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 871897.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871897.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774313.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763920.335867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765738.650486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774313.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763920.335867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765738.650486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         9501                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.225583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         219128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        11549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        18.973764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.080848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.110896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1412.035465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         591.998373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.689470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.289062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 31226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9725                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9725                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  31461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31459                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 31461                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                9500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 9500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                9500                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7658959706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7752826769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7658959706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     7752826769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7658959706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    7752826769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             40726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9725                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              40961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             40961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809358.523301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816087.028316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809358.523301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816087.028316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809358.523301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816087.028316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            9500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           9500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6828028505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6918644154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6828028505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6918644154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6828028505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6918644154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721550.090352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728278.332000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721550.090352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728278.332000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721550.090352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728278.332000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20139                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.828418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.285708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.562440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.113929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1679.673816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         336.478234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.820153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.164296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 37941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38017                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38018                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15833627643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15886117996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15833627643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15886117996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15833627643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15886117996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             58079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              58156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             58156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787546.761651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788862.746847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787546.761651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788862.746847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787546.761651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788862.746847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2714                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2714                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14068130984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14117723937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14068130984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14117723937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14068130984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14117723937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699732.951206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701048.959033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699732.951206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701048.959033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699732.951206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701048.959033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         9496                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.218146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         219036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        18.974012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.009969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1411.880333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         592.256937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.689395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.289188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31393                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31395                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                9496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 9496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                9496                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96428870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7781163677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7877592547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96428870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7781163677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7877592547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96428870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7781163677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7877592547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             40653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              40891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             40891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2678579.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822533.158245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829569.560552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2678579.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822533.158245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829569.560552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2678579.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822533.158245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829569.560552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            9496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93268070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6950285161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7043553231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93268070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6950285161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7043553231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93268070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6950285161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7043553231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2590779.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734702.448309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741738.967039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2590779.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734702.448309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741738.967039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2590779.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734702.448309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741738.967039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20520                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.540019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         233302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        10.337735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.953140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.595775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1665.122564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         347.868539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.813048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.169858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               20811                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38302                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38303                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20469                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20506                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17288448774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17352107017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2819790                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2819790                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17291268564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    17354926807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63658243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17291268564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   17354926807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             58643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           20811                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              58809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             58809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844739.996775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846320.392967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       939930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       939930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844753.948117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846334.087925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1720493.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844753.948117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846334.087925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              11057                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   11057                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15491365081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15551774687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2556390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2556390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15493921471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15554331077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60409606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15493921471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15554331077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756931.744405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758512.153685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       852130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       852130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756945.696956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758525.849849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1632692.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756945.696956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758525.849849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        20343                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.523439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        22391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        10.417623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.159384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.719547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1664.009097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         348.635410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.812504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.170232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               20816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38263                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38264                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               20320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                20327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20290                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               20327                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17212809205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17287576342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6617068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6617068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17219426273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    17294193410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17219426273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   17294193410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             58420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           20816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              58591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             58591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848632.313021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850766.552264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945295.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945295.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848665.661557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 850799.105131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848665.661557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 850799.105131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              11032                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   11032                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           20327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          20327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15431572659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15503091196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6002468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6002468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15437575127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15509093664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15437575127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15509093664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.040936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760813.127200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762947.401378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857495.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857495.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760846.482356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762979.960840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 760846.482356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762979.960840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        13280                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.451656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         196477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        15328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        12.818176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.946572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.845211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1532.115379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         483.544494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.748103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.236106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 31673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10195                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               10195                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  31844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31842                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 31844                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               13275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                13275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13234                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               13275                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73526123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11040891761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11114417884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73526123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11040891761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    11114417884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73526123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  11040891761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   11114417884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        44905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             44948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10195                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           10195                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        45076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              45119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        45076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             45119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1793320.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834282.285099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837244.285047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1793320.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834282.285099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837244.285047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1793320.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834282.285099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837244.285047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           13274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          13274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69914855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9876918767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9946833622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69914855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9876918767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9946833622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69914855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9876918767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9946833622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1705240.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746385.458097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749347.116318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1705240.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746385.458097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749347.116318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1705240.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746385.458097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749347.116318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        38063                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.935490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         207516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        40111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.173543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.715467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.850146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1818.954698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.415179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.109089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 45006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               14272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  45037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 45037                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               38015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                38063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38023                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               38063                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79378395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35813568551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35892946946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     77682946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77682946                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79378395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35891251497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    35970629892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79378395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35891251497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   35970629892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             83021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           14272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              83100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             83100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984459.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943082.779487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944178.533368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1618394.708333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1618394.708333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984459.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943935.289088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945028.765258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984459.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943935.289088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945028.765258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5969                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5969                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           38063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          38063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75866395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32479087223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32554953618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     73468546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73468546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75866395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32552555769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32628422164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75866395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32552555769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32628422164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1896659.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855275.502910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856371.264448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1530594.708333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1530594.708333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1896659.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856128.021697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857221.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1896659.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856128.021697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857221.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         9498                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.227753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         219094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        11546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        18.975749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.083094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.110880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1411.925314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         592.108464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.689417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.289115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 31196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  31431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31429                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 31431                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                9498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 9498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                9498                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102489914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7778795891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7881285805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102489914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7778795891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7881285805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102489914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7778795891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7881285805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             40694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              40929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             40929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769997.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822195.950851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829783.723415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769997.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822195.950851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829783.723415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769997.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822195.950851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829783.723415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            9498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99240293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6947860022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047100315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99240293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6947860022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047100315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99240293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6947860022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7047100315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682170.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734368.462319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741956.234470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682170.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734368.462319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741956.234470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2682170.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734368.462319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741956.234470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32358                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.587241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         167845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         4.878364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.506447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.237959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1667.791710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         365.051126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.814351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.178248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 40608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8462                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8462                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  40714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40713                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 40714                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32310                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32349                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86228847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30280323289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30366552136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28280189                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28280189                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86228847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30308603478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    30394832325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86228847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30308603478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   30394832325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             72925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8462                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              73063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             73063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2210996.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938110.269812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939646.382276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883755.906250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883755.906250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2210996.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938056.436955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939591.094779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2210996.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938056.436955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939591.094779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4837                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4837                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82804473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27445580581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27528385054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25470228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25470228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82804473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27471050809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27553855282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82804473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27471050809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27553855282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2123191.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850287.520323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851823.654857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795944.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795944.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2123191.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850233.698824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851768.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2123191.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850233.698824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851768.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20489                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.539965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         233292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.351511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.997784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.605929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1667.422298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         345.513953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.814171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.168708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20818                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               20818                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38288                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38289                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20435                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20472                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17347152999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17415066416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17349990554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    17417903971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17349990554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   17417903971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             58595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20818                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           20818                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              58761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             58761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849018.842942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850802.013582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849033.058674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 850815.942311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849033.058674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 850815.942311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              11047                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   11047                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15552777672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15617442489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15555351827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15620016644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15555351827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15620016644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761197.027800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762980.237872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761211.246734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762994.169793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761211.246734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762994.169793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32348                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.588629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         4.879434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.096576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.518666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1670.078016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         361.895371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.815468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  40691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40690                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 40691                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32300                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32338                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79145395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30061691515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30140836910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28639819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28639819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79145395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30090331334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    30169476729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79145395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30090331334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   30169476729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             72891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              73029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             73029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082773.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931654.368705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933008.416963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 867873.303030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867873.303030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082773.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931589.205387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932941.948451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2082773.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931589.205387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932941.948451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4838                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4838                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75808783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27227945300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27303754083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25741453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25741453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75808783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27253686753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27329495536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75808783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27253686753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27329495536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994967.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843832.562680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845186.630026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 780044.030303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 780044.030303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994967.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843767.391734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845120.153875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1994967.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843767.391734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845120.153875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        13309                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.463542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         196562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        15357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        12.799505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.967001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.777339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1533.600988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         482.118213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.748829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.235409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 31739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10214                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               10214                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  31906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31904                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 31906                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               13304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                13304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               13304                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76736822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10825027708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10901764530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76736822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10825027708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    10901764530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76736822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10825027708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   10901764530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        45000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             45043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10214                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           10214                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        45167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              45210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        45167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             45210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1871629.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816182.440473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819435.096963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1871629.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816182.440473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819435.096963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1871629.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 816182.440473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819435.096963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5848                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5848                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           13303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73136206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9660321876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9733458082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73136206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9660321876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9733458082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73136206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9660321876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9733458082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1783809.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728421.194088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731673.914305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1783809.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728421.194088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731673.914305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1783809.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 728421.194088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731673.914305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.142249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012392181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913784.841210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.142249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12384132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12384132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12384132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90042325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90042325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90042325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90042325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90042325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90042325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12384193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12384193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12384193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476103.688525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1476103.688525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476103.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1476103.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476103.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1476103.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57203145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57203145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57203145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57203145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57203145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57203145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1466747.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466747.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1466747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1466747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180707468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2463.901557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15693066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15693066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15693066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15693066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83671385351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83671385351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    366114450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    366114450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84037499801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84037499801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84037499801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84037499801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8774551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8774551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15884052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15884052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15884052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15884052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440389.619414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440389.619414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 369066.985887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 369066.985887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440019.162666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440019.162666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440019.162666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440019.162666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156181                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33181286075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33181286075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34117976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34117976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215404051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215404051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215404051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215404051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454868.412340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454868.412340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 245453.064748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245453.064748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454470.131776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454470.131776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454470.131776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454470.131776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.762242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012389278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1913779.353497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.762242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12381229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12381229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12381229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12381229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12381229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83936894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83936894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83936894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83936894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83936894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83936894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12381285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12381285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12381285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498873.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498873.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498873.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1498873.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498873.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1498873.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63173805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63173805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63173805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619841.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619841.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619841.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619841.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1619841.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1619841.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                73067                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180700101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                73323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2464.439548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.164340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.835660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8578999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8578999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7106574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7106574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16582                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15685573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15685573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15685573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15685573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       189678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1011                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       190689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       190689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       190689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       190689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83383078224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83383078224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420334970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    420334970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83803413194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83803413194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83803413194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83803413194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8768677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7107585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7107585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15876262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15876262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15876262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15876262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439603.318382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439603.318382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 415761.592483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415761.592483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439476.913687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439476.913687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 439476.913687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439476.913687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       116749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       117622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       117622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33098697330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33098697330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37783542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37783542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33136480872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33136480872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33136480872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33136480872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453848.226769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453848.226769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 273793.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 273793.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453508.161988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453508.161988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453508.161988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453508.161988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              519.217611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008323852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1939084.330769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.217611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12761406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12761406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12761406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12761406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12761406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12761406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12761458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12761458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12761458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12761458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12761458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12761458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172738565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                59049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2925.342766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.937800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.062200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8994798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8994798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7612576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7612576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16607374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16607374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16607374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16607374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       201026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       201026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       206988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       206988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       206988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       206988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  84456360338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84456360338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3751510065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3751510065                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  88207870403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88207870403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  88207870403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88207870403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9195824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9195824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7618538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7618538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16814362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16814362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16814362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16814362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 420126.552476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420126.552476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 629236.844180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 629236.844180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426149.682122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426149.682122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426149.682122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426149.682122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48641978                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 467711.326923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           20812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       142405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       148195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       148195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19952115611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19952115611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19427072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19427072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19971542683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19971542683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19971542683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19971542683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340357.817352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340357.817352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112948.093023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112948.093023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339692.526032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339692.526032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339692.526032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339692.526032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.196701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008307053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1939052.025000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.196701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12744607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12744607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12744607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12744607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12744607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12744607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93015997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93015997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93015997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93015997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93015997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93015997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12744656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12744656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12744656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12744656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12744656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12744656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898285.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898285.653061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898285.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898285.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898285.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898285.653061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69329657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69329657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69329657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69329657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69329657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69329657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824464.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824464.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824464.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824464.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824464.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824464.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172718483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                59042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2925.349463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.936714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.063286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8983819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8983819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7603718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7603718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16587537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16587537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16587537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16587537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       200603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       206513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       206513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  85075307768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85075307768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3714432978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3714432978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  88789740746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88789740746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  88789740746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88789740746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9184422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9184422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7609628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7609628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16794050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16794050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16794050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16794050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 424097.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424097.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 628499.657868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 628499.657868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429947.464547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429947.464547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429947.464547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429947.464547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48032140                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets           100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 480321.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           20804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       141984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20151930179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20151930179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15374568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15374568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20167304747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20167304747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20167304747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20167304747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343778.129600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343778.129600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92063.281437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92063.281437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343063.054928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343063.054928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343063.054928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343063.054928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              492.492732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011212568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2046989.004049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.492732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13850048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13850048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13850048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13850048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13850048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13850048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13850099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13850099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13850099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13850099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13850099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13850099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165662756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4023.088931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.332894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.667106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11049636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11049636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8208420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8208420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21400                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19258056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19258056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19258056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19258056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       105477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       107868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       107868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23460057311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23460057311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23614306930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23614306930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23614306930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23614306930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11155113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11155113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8210811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8210811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19365924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19365924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19365924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19365924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222418.700864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222418.700864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218918.557218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218918.557218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218918.557218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218918.557218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        66946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        66946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9768204386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9768204386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9785303335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9785303335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9785303335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9785303335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240081.706344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240081.706344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239120.847832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239120.847832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239120.847832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239120.847832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.228850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926786172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1652025.262032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.222692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.006157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12967625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12967625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12967625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12967672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12967672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12967672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                58122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224852324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                58378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3851.661996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.143581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.856419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.789623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.210377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19073817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19073817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3658870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22732687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       22732687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22732687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      22732687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       205721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       205721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91367021427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91367021427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29089370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29089370                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91396110797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91396110797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91396110797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91396110797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19279201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19279201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22938408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22938408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22938408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22938408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444859.489673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444859.489673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86318.605341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86318.605341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444272.149158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444272.149158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444272.149158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444272.149158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18489060035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18489060035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5011286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5011286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18494071321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18494071321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18494071321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18494071321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318529.761995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318529.761995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65081.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65081.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318193.994030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318193.994030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318193.994030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318193.994030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.675746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1011198913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2051113.413793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.675746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13836393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13836393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13836393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13836393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13836393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13836393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149548762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149548762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149548762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149548762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149548762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149548762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13836443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13836443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13836443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13836443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13836443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13836443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2990975.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2990975.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2990975.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2990975.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2990975.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2990975.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2103822                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701274                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96875381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96875381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96875381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96875381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96875381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96875381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549352.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2549352.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549352.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2549352.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2549352.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2549352.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                40853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165645452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4029.420613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.329127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.670873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     11039986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11039986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8200945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8200945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21239                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19240931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19240931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19240931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19240931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       105323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       107781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       107781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23725032971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23725032971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157709562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157709562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23882742533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23882742533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23882742533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23882742533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     11145309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11145309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8203403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21239                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19348712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19348712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19348712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19348712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225259.753055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225259.753055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64161.742067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64161.742067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221585.831761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221585.831761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221585.831761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221585.831761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9885904770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9885904770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17376715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17376715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9903281485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9903281485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9903281485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9903281485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243405.263326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243405.263326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73011.407563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73011.407563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242412.588672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242412.588672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242412.588672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242412.588672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.234484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1008327134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939090.642308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.234484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12764688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12764688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12764688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12764688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12764688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12764688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86761105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12764737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12764737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12764737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12764737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12764737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12764737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1770634.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64050338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64050338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685535.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                58771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172732226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                59027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2926.325681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.935774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.064226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8992156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8992156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7609204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7609204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16601360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16601360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16601360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16601360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       200269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  83932436971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83932436971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3914495151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3914495151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  87846932122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87846932122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  87846932122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87846932122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9192425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9192425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7615166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7615166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16807591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16807591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16807591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16807591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 419098.497376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419098.497376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 656574.161523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 656574.161523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425963.759677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425963.759677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425963.759677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425963.759677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51570322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 495868.480769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           20811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19966516579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19966516579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13447251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13447251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19979963830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19979963830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19979963830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19979963830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340696.469226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340696.469226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81007.536145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81007.536145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339962.972044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339962.972044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339962.972044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339962.972044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.259022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1008319767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1939076.475000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.259022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12757321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12757321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12757321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12757372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12757372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                58553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172736738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                58809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2937.250047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.936187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.063813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8994327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8994327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7611177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7611177                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18881                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16605504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16605504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16605504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16605504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       200376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       206312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       206312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  84728354198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84728354198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3719314415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3719314415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88447668613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88447668613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88447668613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88447668613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9194703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9194703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7617113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7617113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18881                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16811816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16811816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16811816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16811816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 422846.818970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422846.818970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 626569.139993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626569.139993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428708.308838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428708.308838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428708.308838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428708.308838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48367712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 478888.237624                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           20816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       141994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19886199515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19886199515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17339350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17339350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19903538865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19903538865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19903538865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19903538865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340622.101247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340622.101247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101399.707602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101399.707602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339923.468738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339923.468738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339923.468738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339923.468738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              516.687427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1007697150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1945361.293436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    41.687427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.066807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13434048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13434048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13434048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13434048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13434048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13434048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92292909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92292909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92292909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92292909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92292909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92292909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13434108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13434108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13434108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13434108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13434108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13434108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1538215.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1538215.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1538215.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1538215.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1538215.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1538215.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       322616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       322616                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74016341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74016341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74016341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74016341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74016341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74016341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1721310.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721310.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1721310.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721310.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1721310.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721310.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                45076                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167289189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                45332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3690.311237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.629747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.370253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9245352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9245352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7781817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7781817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20401                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20401                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17027169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17027169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17027169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17027169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       144355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1016                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       145371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       145371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       145371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       145371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  49299876398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49299876398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85668033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85668033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  49385544431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49385544431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  49385544431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49385544431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9389707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9389707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7782833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7782833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17172540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17172540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17172540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17172540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 341518.315251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341518.315251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84318.930118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84318.930118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339720.745066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339720.745066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 339720.745066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339720.745066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           10195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        99450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       100295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       100295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        44905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        45076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        45076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13215529019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13215529019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11033700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11033700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13226562719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13226562719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13226562719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13226562719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 294299.722058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294299.722058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64524.561404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64524.561404                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293428.048607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293428.048607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293428.048607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293428.048607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.054299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037090211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1775839.402397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.879950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.174349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12148885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12148885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12148885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12148885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12148885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12148885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104407195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104407195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104407195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104407195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    104407195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104407195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12148942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12148942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12148942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1831705.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1831705.175439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1831705.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1831705.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1831705.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1831705.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79775939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79775939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79775939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79775939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79775939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79775939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1945754.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945754.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1945754.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945754.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1945754.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945754.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                83059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448792783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                83315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5386.698470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31815717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31815717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17422001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17422001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49237718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49237718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49237718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49237718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       304628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       304628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148493225267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148493225267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    267734993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    267734993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148760960260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148760960260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148760960260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148760960260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32120042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32120042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17422304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17422304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49542346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49542346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49542346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49542346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487942.907310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487942.907310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 883613.838284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883613.838284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488336.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488336.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488336.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488336.463687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       126614                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       126614                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39202478266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39202478266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     80139375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80139375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39282617641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39282617641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39282617641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39282617641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472432.854495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472432.854495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1014422.468354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1014422.468354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472948.357686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472948.357686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472948.357686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472948.357686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              492.491309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1011200319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2046964.208502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.491309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13837799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13837799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13837799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13837799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13837799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13837799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159180102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159180102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159180102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159180102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159180102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159180102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13837854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13837854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13837854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13837854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13837854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13837854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2894183.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2894183.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2894183.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2894183.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2894183.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2894183.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102926606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102926606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102926606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102926606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102926606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102926606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639143.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639143.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639143.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639143.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2639143.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2639143.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                40890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165647466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4025.846158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.330997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.669003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11040938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11040938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8201798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8201798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21446                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21446                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19242736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19242736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19242736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19242736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       105398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       107789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       107789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23675822251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23675822251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    154306149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154306149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23830128400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23830128400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23830128400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23830128400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11146336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11146336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8204189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8204189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21446                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19350525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19350525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19350525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19350525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224632.557079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224632.557079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64536.239649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64536.239649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221081.264322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221081.264322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221081.264322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221081.264322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        64743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66899                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9886092908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9886092908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17103610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17103610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9903196518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9903196518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9903196518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9903196518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 243170.407281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243170.407281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72781.319149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72781.319149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242191.159648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242191.159648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242191.159648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242191.159648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.954231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012378669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1910148.432075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.954231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12370620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12370620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12370620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12370620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12370620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12370620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155554762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155554762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155554762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155554762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    155554762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155554762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12370690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12370690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12370690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12370690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12370690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12370690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2222210.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2222210.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2222210.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2222210.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2222210.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2222210.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86638475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86638475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86638475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86638475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86638475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86638475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2165961.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165961.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2165961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2165961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2165961.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                73022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180682126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2465.707661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.186966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.813034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8568628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8568628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7098831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7098831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15667459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15667459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15667459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15667459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       190602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       191622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       191622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84519291607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84519291607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    405139422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    405139422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84924431029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84924431029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84924431029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84924431029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8759230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8759230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7099851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7099851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20600                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15859081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15859081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15859081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15859081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443433.393181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443433.393181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 397195.511765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397195.511765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443187.269880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443187.269880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443187.269880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443187.269880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       300299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 150149.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       117717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        73023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33215496938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215496938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35380513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35380513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33250877451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33250877451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33250877451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33250877451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455724.729890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455724.729890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 256380.528986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256380.528986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455348.006121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455348.006121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455348.006121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455348.006121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.216568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008318375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1939073.798077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.216568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12755929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12755929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12755929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12755929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12755929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12755929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12755978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12755978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12755978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12755978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12755978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12755978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                58723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172727882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                58979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2928.633615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.937287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.062713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8990416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8990416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7606701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7606701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18423                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16597117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16597117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16597117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16597117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       200250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       206216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       206216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  83878045855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83878045855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3894728373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3894728373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87772774228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87772774228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87772774228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87772774228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9190666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9190666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7612667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7612667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16803333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16803333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16803333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16803333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418866.645968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418866.645968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 652820.712873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652820.712873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 425635.131260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425635.131260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 425635.131260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425635.131260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50055219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets           100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 500552.190000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           20818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20024378381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20024378381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13508930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13508930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20037887311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20037887311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20037887311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20037887311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341963.870775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341963.870775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81379.096386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81379.096386                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341227.241643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341227.241643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341227.241643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341227.241643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.171693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012397832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1913795.523629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.171693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12389783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12389783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12389783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12389783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12389783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12389783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127715603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127715603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127715603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127715603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    127715603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127715603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12389844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12389844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12389844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12389844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12389844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12389844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093698.409836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2093698.409836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093698.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2093698.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2093698.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2093698.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79531423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79531423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79531423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79531423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79531423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79531423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039267.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2039267.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039267.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2039267.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039267.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2039267.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                72990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180710188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2467.168009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.181202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.818798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8585745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8585745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7109925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7109925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15695670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15695670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15695670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15695670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       190992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       190992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83314226143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83314226143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    389544248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    389544248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83703770391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83703770391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83703770391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83703770391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8775756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7110906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7110906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15886662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15886662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15886662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15886662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438470.541932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438470.541932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 397088.937819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397088.937819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438257.991911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438257.991911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438257.991911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438257.991911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       170016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       170016                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32994779362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32994779362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     35702792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35702792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33030482154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33030482154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33030482154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33030482154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452901.490172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452901.490172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 258715.884058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258715.884058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452534.349281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452534.349281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452534.349281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452534.349281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.067688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1007725164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1945415.374517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    42.067688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13462062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13462062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13462062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13462062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13462062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13462062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94566072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94566072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94566072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94566072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94566072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94566072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13462120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13462120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13462120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13462120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13462120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13462120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1630449.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1630449.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1630449.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1630449.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1630449.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1630449.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323595                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77223797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77223797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77223797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77223797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77223797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77223797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1795902.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1795902.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1795902.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1795902.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1795902.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1795902.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                45167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167321848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                45423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3683.637100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.638508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.361492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9262600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9262600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7797138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7797138                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17059738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17059738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17059738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17059738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       144391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       145377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       145377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       145377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       145377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  48622990032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48622990032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83237542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83237542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  48706227574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48706227574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  48706227574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48706227574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9406991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9406991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7798124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7798124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20454                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20454                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17205115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17205115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17205115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17205115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336745.295981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336745.295981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84419.413793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84419.413793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335033.929535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335033.929535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335033.929535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335033.929535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           10214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        45000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        45167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        45167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13004187157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13004187157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10800984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10800984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13014988141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13014988141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13014988141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13014988141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 288981.936822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288981.936822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64676.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64676.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 288152.592402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288152.592402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 288152.592402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288152.592402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
