
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 384184                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   488823                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267668                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67757012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41808.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16062020800                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20436807686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       235904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       435712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       376960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4245760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1205760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1205760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10625953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21080335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     38935138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33685071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               379400272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6416749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         107746475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              107746475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         107746475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10625953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21080335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     38935138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33685071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              487146747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396949     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084420     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385981     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1835089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1642519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1244286                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1210551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19469826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10432477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1835089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1317567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2325391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        486671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       758893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1179234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144676                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22892216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20566825     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         359423      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175171      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         354074      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         109603      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         329141      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          50579      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          82146      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         865254      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22892216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.388746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19290650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       942854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2320524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1964                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       169515                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11635142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19311653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        611940                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       265560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2299563                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        67270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11616546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        51096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15188547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     52590978                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     52590978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12269452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2919073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          155392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       331623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11554160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10803311                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22892216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18154572     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1473338      6.44%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609440      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       922413      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470678      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118170      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137600      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2657      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22892216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17748     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7332     23.64%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5938     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8452007     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82514      0.76%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          749      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1939616     17.95%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       328425      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10803311                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.402564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44537027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13675509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10526254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10834329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        536450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11555699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       331623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       156409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10667741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1912590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2240972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1623907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           328382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.397512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10529005                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10526254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6376564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13762287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.392240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463336                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8391520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9419891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2136272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1512                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       146656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22555993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19062451     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1363789      6.05%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884087      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276206      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       466297      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88973      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56550      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51163      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306477      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22555993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8391520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9419891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2011556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1688410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1447634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8223817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       115031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       306477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33805653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          23448800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                439308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3944030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9419891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.198020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.198020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       49632291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13686762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12405219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1819968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19282417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11439410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1819968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       747837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2260806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2643966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1108120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22137306     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          80276      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         164852      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          69661      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         373940      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         334772      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          64082      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         136148      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1037075      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19076862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2853839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2252150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13413307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19103896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2640459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2235562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13404879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        44326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        29202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15750804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63126808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63126808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13921383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1829402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1594870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        76991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12837431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1066232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19786445     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408422      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139963      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492568      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615620      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580921      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26490      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16383      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32453     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246120     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059509     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112218      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074275     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590661     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12837431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50366209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13123194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2571402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       113837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4654788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1669779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1590481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12727326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12726892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6878864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13596058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10330086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        99331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19770485     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626981      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744396      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207570      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64904      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119381      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10330086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12139478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4613597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3029528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1603078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10795073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       119381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37449688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26965772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                415217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2438134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12139478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.597872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.597872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63006715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14789165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15956516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1957075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18681169                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11137203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1957075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       961183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2446927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        554485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1906806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1153352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23392305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20945378     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         264505      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         307080      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         168041      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         192329      0.82%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         106728      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          72247      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         189740      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1146257      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23392305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18522542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2068704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2425812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19899                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       317453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13591833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18553548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        595849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1387296                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2415307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84949                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13582140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18868819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63239023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63239023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16043289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2825523                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          230070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1301458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       707009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       156469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13556514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12787294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4050256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23392305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18005994     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164736      9.25%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164582      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806729      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704776      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358902      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88506      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56083      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23392305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3274     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12345     43.83%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12548     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10699701     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185113      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700941      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12787294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49013930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15301550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12567974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12815461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          566                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        550808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13560125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1301458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2015                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       220941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12593985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1812717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1760525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           700706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.469290                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12568272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12567974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7471914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19574182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.468321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9423356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11561253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       194374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23036958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18313047     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2190447      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919321      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551020      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381482      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246261      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129075      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103019      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203286      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23036958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9423356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11561253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1752499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1063843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1654512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10423088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       235224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       203286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36393919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27475991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                289499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3443941                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11561253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.847844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.847844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.351143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.351143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56807888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17441150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12685490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2317689                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930148                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212996                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       916119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20188793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12717163                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2317689                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1098112                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2650530                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        592159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1901799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1255294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25119703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22469173     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         161687      0.64%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         205843      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         327067      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136293      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         175059      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         205470      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          94034      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1345077      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25119703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.473880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20071496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2032052                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2637933                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       376938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       352002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15540812                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       376938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20092143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1910415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2618550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        56644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15445140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21574192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71828067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71828067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18034166                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3540020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3801                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       755660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       171313                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15080376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14462427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3755083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25119703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18990275     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797499     11.14%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140709      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641943      2.56%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866316      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267961      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263442      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140504      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11054      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25119703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100057     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13282     10.52%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12955     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12183925     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197610      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326218      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752885      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14462427                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.538914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54185694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16928208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14084320                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14588721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       376938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15084195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       245464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14209754                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2057014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2008840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           752789                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529499                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14084408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14084320                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8437162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22671862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.524825                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10492246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12929013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       214595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24742765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19268866     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773895     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008543      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501540      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458684      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193030      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190637      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90856      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256714      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24742765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10492246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12929013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1917387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1172311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1874016                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11640352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       266990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       256714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39570220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30545451                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1716543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10492246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12929013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10492246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.557722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.557722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63940448                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19681896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14374819                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1956122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11137270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1956122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       961137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2447106                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        555624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1918555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1154755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20973280     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         265257      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         305623      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         167716      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         193469      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         106504      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          72823      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         189410      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1146304      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.072891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.415008                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18538361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2080201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2426107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       317540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13594099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18569025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        529833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1465126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2415794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        84756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13584626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18869560                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63254055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63254055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16045132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2824419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          228447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       707312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       156273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18032131     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166382      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165198      4.98%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804330      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705586      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360252      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88270      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56240      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12422     44.09%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12563     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703883     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185968      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701202      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.476693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49052633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15304218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238337                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        488616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       221420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1813218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1760501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           700975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.469462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12572596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12572319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7473809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19583032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.468483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       194968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18341306     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189688      9.49%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919391      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550493      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381720      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246329      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129009      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102837      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203770      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9424416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11562547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1752674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1063953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1654698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10424252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       235251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       203770                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36423463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27481376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                290115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3415860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11562547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.847523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.847523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.351182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.351182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56829641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17446036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12685735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2316388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847217                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12709919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2316388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1096503                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2649456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        590616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1921375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1254142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25126394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22476938     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162219      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204824      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         326843      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         137267      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         174968      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         204834      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94048      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1344453      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25126394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.473610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20061004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2051352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2636861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       352333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15533113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20081470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1930281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2617609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        56220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15437046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21562991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71787800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71787800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18033035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3529947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          198580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       755487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       170361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15072760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25126394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18999364     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795474     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141933      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640589      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866990      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267208      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263167      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140571      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11098      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25126394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100071     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13390     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12936     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12178246     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197700      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326396      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752760      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.538708                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54181773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16912200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14079618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       375926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49627                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15076538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       244499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14205383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304346                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2057009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2008869                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           752663                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529336                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14079706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14079618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8434510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22655754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.524649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24750468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19277740     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773423     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007558      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501462      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458959      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193145      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190429      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90958      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256794      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24750468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10491542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12928118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1917223                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1172223                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1873873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11639539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       266965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       256794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39570186                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30529127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1709852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10491542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12928118                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10491542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63917597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19675718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14367218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2316785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20181029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12712325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2316785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1097685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2649506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        591935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1912926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1254812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25121899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22472393     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         161617      0.64%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205772      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326941      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136236      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         174980      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         205400      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93994      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1344566      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25121899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.473700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20063756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2043150                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2636915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       351854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15534851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20084397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1921530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2617538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        56626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15439229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21566044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71800647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71800647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18027333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3538710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3800                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          199933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445198                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       755360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       171245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3753732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25121899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18994780     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796509     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140238      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641711      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865955      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267856      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263357      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140443      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11050      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25121899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100018     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13277     10.52%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12949     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12179240     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197530      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325717      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752586      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.538707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54176700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16921739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14078916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445198                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14204302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2056223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2008050                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           752491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14079004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14078916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8433982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22663345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.524623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10488256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12924057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24745104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19273292     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772849     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008162      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501340      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458513      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192951      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190556      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90807      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256634      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24745104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10488256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12924057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1916647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1171866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1873281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11635888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39566852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30533729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1714347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12924057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63916029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19674429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14369343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1958324                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1605394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193336                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18718844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11148765                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1958324                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       962410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2449744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        553273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1926071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1155166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23451010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21001266     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         265055      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         306775      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         168037      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         193317      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         106577      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          72824      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         189890      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1147269      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23451010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.072973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.415437                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18560338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2087778                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2428871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       318052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13608102                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18590995                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        517987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1485168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2418627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13598984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        20552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18894289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63323292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63323292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16079347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2814942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1993                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          227596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1301948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       708248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       156784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13573461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12809766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1731502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4024105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23451010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18053697     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2170233      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167366      4.98%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       807707      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705260      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360169      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88324      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56181      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42073      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23451010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3116     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12381     44.09%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12586     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718291     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200513      1.57%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186821      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702575      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12809766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477331                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49116839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15308671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12591138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12837849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32011                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       235705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          447                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       354297                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        481432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13181                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1301948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109714                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       220592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1815714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1763840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           702327                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.470129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12591388                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12591138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7485831                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19611316                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.469184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9444600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11587271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1989907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       194332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23096713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18362311     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2195451      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921788      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551201      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382881      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246626      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129224      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103205      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204026      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23096713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9444600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11587271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1756472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1066243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1658188                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10446573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       235751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       204026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36469800                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27508670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                289305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3385236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9444600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11587271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9444600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.841438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.841438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.351934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.351934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56912131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17473074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12700150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1821180                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1643086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97768                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       687057                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647466                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4257                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19292861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11445986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1821180                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       747608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2261697                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        309803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2611741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1109076                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24377206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22115509     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          80039      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         164857      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          69623      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         373727      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         334953      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          64283      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         136428      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1037787      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24377206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.426512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19082082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2825369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2253025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       209378                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       159886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13422005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       209378                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19109598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2624021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       110171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2236166                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        87865                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13413688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        43985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        29448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          876                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15764945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63164599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63164599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13919244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1845689                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          208911                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1594673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        77169                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13384492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12842626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7695                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1076166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2598337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24377206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19760766     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1410575      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142042      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493809      2.03%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       616320      2.53%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580190      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330595      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26532      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16377      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24377206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32211     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245648     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7155      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8065107     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112307      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074077     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590367     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12842626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.478555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285014                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50355167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14462590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12730126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13127640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       209378                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2556957                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26469                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13386072                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          792                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       114404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12751071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3063764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        91555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4653954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1670179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1590190                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.475144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12730557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12730126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6880757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13603181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.474363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10328040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12137153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1250254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        99671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24167828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19746624     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1628546      6.74%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       758720      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744585      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207297      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850264      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64958      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47516      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119318      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24167828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10328040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12137153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4612202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3028598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1602799                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10793027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       119318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37435878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26984242                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                415059                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2459040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10328040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12137153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10328040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.598387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.598387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.384854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.384854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63018014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14796071                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15961999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1816522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       685306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646310                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19255297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11417327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1816522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       746129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2255974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        307995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2620042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1106803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22086162     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          79707      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         164353      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          69470      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         373220      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         334156      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          63951      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         136135      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1034982      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19055534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2824093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2247353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159556                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13387835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19082286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2622750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       110635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2230731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        87916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13379415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        44823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        29118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15719670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63005453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63005453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13892346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1827308                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          205721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3153084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1592477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        76644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13351386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12814519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1065503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2575173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19737527     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407866      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138149      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       490797      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       613512      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580839      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330683      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26481      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16282      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32114     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246076     86.25%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7123      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8043987     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       111893      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          766      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3069853     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1588020     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12814519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50264568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14418823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12702804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13099832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2555634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13352966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3153084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1592477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       114054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12723800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3059727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4647567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1666678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1587840                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12703241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12702804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6865894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13565827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10310101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12115717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        99429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19722108     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1624877      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       756735      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       743734      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205392      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850179      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64672      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47351      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119277      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10310101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12115717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4606273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3024768                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1599854                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10773863                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       117342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       119277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37369371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26916582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                415077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2494110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12115717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.602908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.602908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       62889859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14761133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15927202                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1831256                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1243512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19434550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10413387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1831256                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1316415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2321581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        485664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       787088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1177031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22880844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20559263     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         358619      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175453      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         354210      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         108505      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         329246      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          50422      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          81961      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         863165      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22880844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.388034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19255728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       970664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2316750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       168831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11612851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19276691                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        629326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       275995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2295892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11594684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15159252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     52493022                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     52493022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12242644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2916588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          155177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       330586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        74997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11533083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2117687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358867                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22880844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18153228     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466618      6.41%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609329      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921117      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469677      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118020      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136949      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3282      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22880844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17663     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7288     23.60%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5925     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8433827     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82317      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938788     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327417      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44484997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10506050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10813971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        553725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7970                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11534614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       155781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10647572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2238342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1620882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           327367                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10508740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10506050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6365479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13731655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.391487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463562                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2134301                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       146144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22545093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060084     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359045      6.03%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882673      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276063      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465095      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88527      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56380      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50911      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306315      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22545093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8375896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9400772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2008705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1686648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1444880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8206634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       306315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33773825                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23406167                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                438837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3955402                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9400772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.203985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.203985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       49541182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13658542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12383866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2318155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191930                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12719559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2318155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1097362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2651473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        591043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1897741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1255101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25120548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22469075     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         162348      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         204978      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         327091      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         137363      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         175110      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         204996      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          94128      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1345459      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25120548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.473969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20076399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2027829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2638876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       352608                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15544930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20096879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1906678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2619610                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15448805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21579335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71842503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71842503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18046804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3532522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          198689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       756081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15084225                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14467963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15205                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3749393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25120548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18988843     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797653     11.14%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142764      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641108      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867624      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267310      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263419      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11109      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25120548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100183     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13401     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12953     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12187563     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197825      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327431      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753354      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14467963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539120                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126537                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54198216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16925039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14090387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14594500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10497                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       376193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15088007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       244681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14216273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2058631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2010402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           753257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14090475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14090387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8440956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22673163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525051                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10499594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12938028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2150034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       214239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24744355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19267452     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775552     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008302      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501843      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459320      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193291      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190576      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91000      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257019      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24744355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10499594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12938028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1918717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1173131                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1875309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11648464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       267167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       257019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39575320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30552338                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                308424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1715698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10499594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12938028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10499594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391247                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391247                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63966620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19690696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14378156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1832835                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1640678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1243489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106982                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19455748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10422525                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1832835                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1316119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2323639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        486897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       763783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1178386                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22881537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20557898     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         359179      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         175258      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         353897      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         109201      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         329167      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          50495      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          81734      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         864708      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22881537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.388375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19276753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       947579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2318774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       336495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       169112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1873                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     11625388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       336495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19297686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        614693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       267689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2297870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        67097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     11606821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        51213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15174619                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     52550149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     52550149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     12255280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2919339                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          154950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       331154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        75038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         11545422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10792894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2121153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4369230                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22881537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18148751     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1470175      6.43%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608972      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       922090      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470732      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117941      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136906      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3324      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2646      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22881537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17683     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7300     23.62%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5925     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8442930     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82391      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          748      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938910     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327915      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10792894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.402176                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30908                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44505377                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13668124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10515852                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10823802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       440014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       336495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        539203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11546949                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       331154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3891                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56992                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       156244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10657385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1911796                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2239668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1622056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           327872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.397127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             10518608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            10515852                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6370854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13748247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.391853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463394                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8383309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9409837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2137593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       146636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22545042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19056610     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1360544      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       883265      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276184      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465789      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88742      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56447      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51025      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306436      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22545042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8383309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9409837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2010092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1687508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1446177                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         8214789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       114837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       306436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33786010                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          23431586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                439190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3954709                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8383309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9409837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8383309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.201152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.201152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.312388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.312388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       49586125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      13672034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12394125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1890927                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       777483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         743142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193490                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18334270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10733641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1890927                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       936632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2247808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        545818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       878008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1129960                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     21814773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       19566965     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         122380      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         191767      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         305720      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         126672      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         141427      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         151265      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          98744      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1109833      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     21814773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399968                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18159970                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1054092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2240511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       354389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       309587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13103294                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       354389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18189216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        218886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       748345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2217541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        86392                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13093258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8715                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18174519                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60903800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60903800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15459024                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2715495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          248306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       670219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       153845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13072514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12350373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1689972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3802830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21814773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16606841     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2091183      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141373      5.23%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780688      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728664      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208368      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163866      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55632      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38158      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21814773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2924     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8881     38.63%     51.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11183     48.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10346377     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195416      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1494      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141440      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665646      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12350373                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46554643                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14766052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12148562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12373361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       354389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        149762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13075950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       215647                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12172185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1073132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1738477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1712325                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           665345                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12148751                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12148562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7104626                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18564072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9080513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11130221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1945787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       190773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21460384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16940377     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189763     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852947      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458659      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342840      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191618      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119197      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105909      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259074      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21460384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9080513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11130221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1668949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1020288                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1597634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10029151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       226084                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       259074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34277253                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          26506433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                299272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5021473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9080513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11130221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9080513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.955367                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.955367                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338367                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338367                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54885986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16840824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12220431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1822003                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1643625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       697060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         648280                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19303608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11452265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1822003                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       748445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2262865                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        307852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2644369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1109282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24420122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22157257     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          80155      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         165503      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          69683      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         373549      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         335025      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          64632      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         136114      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1038204      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24420122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.426746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19100720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2850093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2254121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       160162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13426456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1496                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19127619                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2640151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       119095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2237502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        87996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13417936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        44535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        29336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15766159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63185327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63185327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13937089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1829070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          206603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3161362                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1597311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14638                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        76992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13389435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12853550                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1062891                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2568505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24420122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19802344     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411346      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142156      4.68%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       491254      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615059      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       583128      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       332018      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26390      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16427      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24420122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32231     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246820     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7198      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8068262     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112317      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          769      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3079342     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1592860     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12853550                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.478962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            286249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022270                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50421522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14454263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12741783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13139799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       207752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2573902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13391027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3161362                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1597311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       113981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12762975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3069211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4661893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1671873                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1592682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.475587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12742207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12741783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6886714                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13603595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.474798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10342681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12153987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        99353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24212370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19786167     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630211      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       758787      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       746104      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205952      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       853379      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64758      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47457      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119555      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24212370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10342681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12153987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4620119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3033835                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1604901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10807926                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       117724                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       119555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37485262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26992754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                415967                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2416124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10342681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12153987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10342681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.594709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.594709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385400                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385400                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63084069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14806489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15975864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078574269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.290727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.136953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.290727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.290727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.136953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.878637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.987335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.478433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.676702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   806.187874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1191.535629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.393646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.581805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3434                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1476308872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1531980404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1476308872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1531980404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1476308872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1531980404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789892.387373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806305.475789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789892.387373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806305.475789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789892.387373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806305.475789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1312156242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365105247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1312156242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365105247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1312156242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1365105247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 702063.264848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718476.445789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 702063.264848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718476.445789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 702063.264848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718476.445789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.930454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         155064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.322192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.275963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.184598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         831.038618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.584563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4181                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3216140922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3284553674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3293362854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3293362854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950396.253546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960395.811111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2919025722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984277674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862596.253546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872595.811111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1905                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.497281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         181253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.875221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          45.963497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.993490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   845.462555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1136.077738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.412824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.554725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3542                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1608334671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1683642790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2169270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2169270                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610503941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1685812060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610503941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1685812060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861915.686495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885661.646502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       723090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       723090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861692.852327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885405.493697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861692.852327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885405.493697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1444455821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1516690099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1905870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446361691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518595969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446361691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518595969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 774092.079850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797838.032088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       635290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       635290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773869.283574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797581.916492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773869.283574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797581.916492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          966                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.490246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.796745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.490246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.094924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   447.005787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1531.899289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.218265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.747998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 966                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88441673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    764593669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     853035342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88441673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    764593669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      853035342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88441673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    764593669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     853035342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2390315.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823028.707212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883059.360248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2390315.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823028.707212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883059.360248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2390315.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 823028.707212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883059.360248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85193073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683014772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    768207845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85193073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683014772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768207845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85193073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683014772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768207845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2302515.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 735215.039828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795246.216356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2302515.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 735215.039828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795246.216356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2302515.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 735215.039828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795246.216356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.497674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.405286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.303117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   838.015929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1141.773341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.409187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.557507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1585292172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663936482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1666114395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1666114395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858306.536004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883193.461783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1423125572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498521282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770506.536004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795393.461783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.430585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.430585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.291263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   446.207277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1533.501460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.217875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.748780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101220475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766645828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     867866303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101220475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766645828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      867866303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101220475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    766645828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     867866303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2735688.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824350.352688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897483.250259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2735688.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824350.352688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897483.250259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2735688.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 824350.352688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897483.250259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97968980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684953991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    782922971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97968980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684953991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782922971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97968980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    684953991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782922971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2647810.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736509.667742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809641.128232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2647810.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736509.667742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809641.128232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2647810.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 736509.667742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809641.128232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          966                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.491633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.796745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.491633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.094833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   446.964122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1531.941045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.218244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.748018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 966                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90783390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770637079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     861420469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90783390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770637079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      861420469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90783390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    770637079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     861420469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2453605.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829533.992465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891739.615942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2453605.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829533.992465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891739.615942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2453605.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829533.992465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891739.615942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87534790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689059949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776594739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87534790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689059949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776594739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87534790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    689059949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776594739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2365805.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741722.227126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803928.301242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2365805.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741722.227126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803928.301242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2365805.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741722.227126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803928.301242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1881                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.492920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         181254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.155844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.312166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.361205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   838.527753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1142.291797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.409437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.557760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1879                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1605040161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1671694808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2233426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2233426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1607273587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1673928234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     66654647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1607273587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1673928234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872304.435326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891095.313433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 744475.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 744475.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872096.357569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890861.220862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1851517.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872096.357569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890861.220862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63492857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1443472947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506965804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1970026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1970026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63492857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1445442973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508935830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63492857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1445442973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508935830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.343284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.342692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763690.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784496.166848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803286.675906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656675.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656675.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763690.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784288.102550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803052.597126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1763690.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 784288.102550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803052.597126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3440                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.925234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         155053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        28.253098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.158184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.584150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1200.684158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         827.498741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.586272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.404052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4170                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4171                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3404                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3440                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73547633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3235780540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3309328173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9694602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9694602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73547633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3245475142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3319022775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73547633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3245475142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3319022775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              7602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               7611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              7611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.448909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.449432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.449432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042989.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 952821.124853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964256.460664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1211825.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211825.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042989.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 953429.830200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964832.202035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042989.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 953429.830200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964832.202035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70375165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2936635641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3007010806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8990702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8990702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70375165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2945626343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3016001508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70375165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2945626343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3016001508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.448909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.449432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.449432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954865.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864733.698763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876168.649767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1123837.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1123837.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954865.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865342.638954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876744.624419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1954865.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 865342.638954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876744.624419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.925787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         155049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.319452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.161584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.687842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.330438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         830.745923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3251490032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3325227108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3334190994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3334190994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961126.228791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972573.006142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2954462632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3025038908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873326.228791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884773.006142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1897                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.842610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        31.008112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.543500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   808.034703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1191.781633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.394548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.581925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3424                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36525404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487559534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1524084938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36525404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487559534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1524084938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36525404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487559534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1524084938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352792.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795486.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803418.522931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352792.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795486.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 803418.522931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352792.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795486.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 803418.522931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34152150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323329973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357482123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34152150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323329973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357482123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34152150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323329973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357482123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1264894.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707663.087166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715594.160780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1264894.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707663.087166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715594.160780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1264894.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707663.087166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715594.160780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.427892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.288913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   446.577422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1533.133666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.218055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.748600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755973870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     854236416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755973870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      854236416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98262546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    755973870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     854236416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812875.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883388.227508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812875.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883388.227508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2655744.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 812875.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883388.227508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674312759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769326705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674312759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769326705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     95013946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    674312759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769326705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725067.482796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795580.873837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725067.482796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795580.873837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2567944.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 725067.482796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795580.873837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.839962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         122316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        30.981763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.479904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.757376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   808.373867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1190.228815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.581166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3412                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3413                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53628950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1499860485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1553489435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53628950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1499860485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1553489435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53628950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1499860485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1553489435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1849274.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 801635.748263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817626.018421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1849274.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 801635.748263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817626.018421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1849274.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 801635.748263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817626.018421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51082750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1335561482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386644232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51082750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1335561482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386644232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     51082750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1335561482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386644232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761474.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 713822.277926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729812.753684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761474.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 713822.277926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729812.753684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761474.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 713822.277926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729812.753684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2982                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.554297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        24.651690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.073513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.790508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   876.859569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1134.830706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.428154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.554117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3690                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3691                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2945                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2982                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63547889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2696606284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2760154173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8231553                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8231553                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63547889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2704837837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2768385726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63547889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2704837837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2768385726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1717510.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 917213.021769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927159.614713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1646310.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1646310.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1717510.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 918450.878438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928365.434608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1717510.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 918450.878438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928365.434608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                467                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     467                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2438409415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2498707594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7792553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7792553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2446201968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2506500147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2446201968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2506500147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.444109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629680.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 829390.957483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839337.451797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1558510.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1558510.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629680.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 830628.851613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840543.308853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629680.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 830628.851613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840543.308853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.925066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         155059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.321279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.071053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.896423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1197.761728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         831.195862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.584845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.405857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4175                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4176                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66669525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3222007974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3288677499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12911314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12911314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66669525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234919288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3301588813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66669525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234919288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3301588813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.447664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851931.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 952411.461425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961882.860193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1613914.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1613914.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851931.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953972.069596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963404.964400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1851931.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953972.069596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963404.964400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63508600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2924937004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988445604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12208914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12208914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63508600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2937145918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000654518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63508600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2937145918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000654518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.447664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.448189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1764127.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 864598.582323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874070.080140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1526114.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1526114.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1764127.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866159.220879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875592.214181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1764127.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 866159.220879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875592.214181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              553.028310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921324220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1648164.973166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.856531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.171779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1179188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1179188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205432619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36961.608312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.817766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    62.182234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.242899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1751683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1751683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2073277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2073277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8264566360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8264566360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8266837943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8266837943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8266837943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8266837943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1770351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1770351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2091971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2091971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442713.004071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442713.004071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442218.783727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442218.783727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442218.783727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442218.783727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716377718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716377718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716769034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716769034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716769034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716769034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324089.448263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324089.448263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323796.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323796.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323796.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323796.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.452850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032064831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779422.122414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.322825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.130024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406612924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             51950.035007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.966544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.033456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.634988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002477449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935284.650579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.634988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158488286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27971.811860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.514681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.485319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.884823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.115177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7998230584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7998230584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    447159729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    447159729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8445390313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8445390313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8445390313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8445390313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 432033.197429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432033.197429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 688998.041602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688998.041602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440736.369533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440736.369533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440736.369533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440736.369533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6628192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 662819.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1855721146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1855721146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3160572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3160572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858881718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858881718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858881718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858881718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344161.933605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344161.933605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 175587.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175587.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343601.056932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343601.056932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343601.056932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343601.056932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.901294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1004354676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2033106.631579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.901294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1255236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1255236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1255236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138141280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138141280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138141280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138141280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138141280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138141280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1255293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2423531.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2423531.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2423531.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2423531.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2423531.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2423531.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576936                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88883273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88883273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88883273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88883273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88883273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88883273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2279058.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2279058.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2279058.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2279058.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2279058.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2279058.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148979895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             36301.144006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.763179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.236821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.858450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.141550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       998671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       741360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1740031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1740031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2258243443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2258243443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5718043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5718043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2263961486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2263961486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2263961486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2263961486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1008449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       741430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741430                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1749879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1749879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 230951.466864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230951.466864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81686.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81686.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 229890.483956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229890.483956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 229890.483956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229890.483956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    961364973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    961364973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1063470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1063470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    962428443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    962428443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    962428443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    962428443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250812.672319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250812.672319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        70898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250111.341736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250111.341736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250111.341736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250111.341736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.903859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002478853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1927843.948077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.903859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158488054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28031.137955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.487499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.512501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.884717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.115283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7187492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 653408.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.183056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1004353522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2033104.295547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.183056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1254082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1254082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1254082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154571269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154571269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154571269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154571269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    154571269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154571269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1254139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2711776.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2711776.649123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2711776.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2711776.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2711776.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2711776.649123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1257060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314265                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101658531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101658531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101658531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101658531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    101658531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101658531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2606629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2606629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2606629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148980205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36239.407687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.734877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.265123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.858339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.141661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       999096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       741288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1740384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2260094244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2260094244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5791751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5791751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2265885995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2265885995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2265885995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2265885995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1008881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       741355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1750236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230975.395401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230975.395401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86444.044776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86444.044776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 229992.488327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229992.488327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 229992.488327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229992.488327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    963665468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963665468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1180155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    964845623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    964845623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    964845623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    964845623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 251085.322564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251085.322564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69420.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69420.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250284.208301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250284.208301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250284.208301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250284.208301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.900698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004354194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2033105.655870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.900698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140774059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140774059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140774059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140774059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140774059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140774059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2469720.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2469720.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2469720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2469720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2469720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2469720.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91237863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91237863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91237863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91237863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91237863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91237863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339432.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339432.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339432.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339432.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339432.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339432.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148979217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36300.978801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.760831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.239169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.858441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.141559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2270669711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2270669711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2276371084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2276371084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2276371084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2276371084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 232246.058198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232246.058198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231174.071697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 231174.071697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231174.071697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 231174.071697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    967410970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    967410970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    968473251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    968473251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    968473251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    968473251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 252390.026089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252390.026089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251682.237786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251682.237786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251682.237786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251682.237786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              509.462268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1002479267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1931559.281310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.462268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.044010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1155116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1155116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1155116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96654744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96654744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1155166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1933094.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67042787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67042787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811967.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158490498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28131.078807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.971449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.028551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       813074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       686201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       686201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1499275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1499275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          620                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7928111164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7928111164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    393591487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    393591487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8321702651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8321702651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8321702651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8321702651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       831555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       686821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1606                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1518376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1518376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 428987.130783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428987.130783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 634824.979032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634824.979032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435668.428407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435668.428407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435668.428407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435668.428407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5215935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 745133.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1851772817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851772817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3225132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3225132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1854997949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854997949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1854997949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1854997949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345480.003172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345480.003172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       179174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       179174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344923.382112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344923.382112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344923.382112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344923.382112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              572.865962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1032065789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1779423.774138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.735487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.130475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1109024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1109024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1109024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1109024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1109024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96543190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96543190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96543190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96543190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96543190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96543190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1109075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1109075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1109075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1893003.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1893003.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1893003.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1893003.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1893003.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1893003.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543868                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73931150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73931150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73931150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73931150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73931150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73931150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1998139.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1998139.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1998139.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1998139.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1998139.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1998139.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7574                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              406612151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             51930.032056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.967798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.032202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2890124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1581999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4472123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4472123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        27548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        27548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13328254216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13328254216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34215999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34215999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13362470215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13362470215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13362470215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13362470215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2917642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1582029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4499671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4499671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4499671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4499671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 484346.762701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484346.762701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1140533.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1140533.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 485061.355271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485061.355271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 485061.355271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485061.355271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3548843061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548843061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9825102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9825102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3558668163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558668163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3558668163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3558668163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469113.425116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469113.425116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1091678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1091678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469853.203459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469853.203459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469853.203459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469853.203459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              571.505982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032063515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1779419.853448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.480484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.025498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406606201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             52002.327791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.969396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.030604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.223843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921322022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1660039.679279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.051194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.172649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51429404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51429404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51429404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51429404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51429404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51429404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1254375.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1254375.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1254375.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1254375.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1254375.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1254375.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36844511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36844511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36844511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36844511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36844511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36844511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315875.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315875.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315875.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315875.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315875.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315875.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205430351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37021.148135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   193.361738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    62.638262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.755319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.244681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8374514378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8374514378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376635840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8376635840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376635840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8376635840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449783.252484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449783.252484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449269.822473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449269.822473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449269.822473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449269.822473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727096506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727096506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727481614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727481614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727481614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727481614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326668.527709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326668.527709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326370.983185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326370.983185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326370.983185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326370.983185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              487.185105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004354480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2033106.234818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.185105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1255040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1255040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    148419549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148419549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2558957.741379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98699879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98699879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530766.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148981586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36222.121566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.731196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.268804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.858325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.141675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       999891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       741870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2240472504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240472504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5780097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5780097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2246252601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2246252601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2246252601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2246252601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1009681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       741937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228853.166905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228853.166905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86270.104478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86270.104478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227884.001319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227884.001319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227884.001319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227884.001319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    953127931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953127931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1178219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    954306150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    954306150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    954306150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    954306150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248210.398698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248210.398698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247421.869328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247421.869328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247421.869328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247421.869328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              551.432424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              921323378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1654081.468582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.259883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.172541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.040481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1178346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1178346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1178346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1178346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1178346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66310007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66310007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66310007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66310007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66310007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66310007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1178386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1178386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1178386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657750.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1657750.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657750.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1657750.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1657750.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1657750.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53955675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53955675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53955675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53955675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53955675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53955675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798522.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798522.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798522.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798522.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798522.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798522.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              205431527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37088.197689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   192.603969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    63.396031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.752359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.247641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1751162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1751162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       321037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       321037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2072199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2072199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2072199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2072199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8349612470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8349612470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2224502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2224502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8351836972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8351836972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8351836972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8351836972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1769751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       321063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2090814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2090814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2090814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2090814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449169.534133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449169.534133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85557.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85557.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448661.669192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448661.669192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448661.669192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448661.669192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1738590569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1738590569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1738975169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1738975169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1738975169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1738975169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329465.713284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329465.713284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329164.332576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329164.332576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 329164.332576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329164.332576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              522.319429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1006905224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1907017.469697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.319429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1129899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1129899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1129899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1129899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1129899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96659771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96659771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96659771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96659771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     96659771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96659771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1129960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1129960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1129960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1129960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1129960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584586.409836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1584586.409836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584586.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1584586.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1584586.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1584586.409836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63931813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63931813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63931813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63931813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63931813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63931813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1682416.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1682416.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1682416.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1682416.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1682416.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1682416.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167291763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             24276.848498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.779510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.220490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.885857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.114143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       780646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       645519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1426165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1426165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1426165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1426165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7605835181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7605835181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     78315257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78315257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7684150438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7684150438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7684150438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7684150438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       798073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       798073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       645615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1443688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1443688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1443688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1443688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436439.730361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436439.730361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 815783.927083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815783.927083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438517.972836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438517.972836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438517.972836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438517.972836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        10888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2962943476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962943476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8914053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8914053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2971857529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971857529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2971857529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971857529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447574.543202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447574.543202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 594270.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 594270.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447906.183723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447906.183723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447906.183723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447906.183723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              571.932307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1032065995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1779424.129310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.909533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.022773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1109230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1109230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1109230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87089979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87089979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87089979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87089979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     87089979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87089979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1109281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1707646.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707646.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1707646.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707646.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1707646.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707646.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67056068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67056068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67056068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67056068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67056068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67056068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812326.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812326.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812326.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812326.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1812326.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812326.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406619778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             51984.118895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.966605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.033395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2895070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2895070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1584676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1584676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4479746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4479746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4479746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4479746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13368966707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13368966707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     43864542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43864542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13412831249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13412831249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13412831249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13412831249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2922702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2922702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1584706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1584706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4507408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4507408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4507408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4507408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 483821.898777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 483821.898777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1462151.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1462151.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484882.916962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484882.916962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484882.916962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484882.916962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3535319417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3535319417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13041814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13041814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3548361231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548361231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3548361231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548361231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 467820.486569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467820.486569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1449090.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1449090.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 468987.738699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468987.738699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 468987.738699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468987.738699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
