
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   485951                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 271044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40844.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15598695522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19848473840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       379264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       235392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       232832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       232832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       474752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       379136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       230016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       231936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       232704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4567936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1512320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1512320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34258420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21262651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21031409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       369986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23089458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     42883726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34096551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34246858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20777044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20950475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20938913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21019847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10602420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               412615670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       369986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6382264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         136605883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              136605883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         136605883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34258420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       335300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23181955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21262651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21031409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21031409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       369986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23089458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     42883726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34096551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34246858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20777044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20950475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20938913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21019847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10602420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              549221553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846697     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561070     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374251      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106178      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595602      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552734     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1866301                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734434                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18113508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10589541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1866301                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       925800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2217488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        536532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       872136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1115351                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21551578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19334090     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         119898      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         189229      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         301905      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         125638      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         139558      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         149134      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          97729      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1094397      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21551578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398877                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17940538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1046783                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2210423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       305867                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12927826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17968834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        220871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       742735                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2188360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        82598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12918295                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6602                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17929132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60091121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60091121                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15269498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2659634                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          242368                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231954                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       662351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       149937                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12897282                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3294                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12198854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1651126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3682562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21551578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16405707     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2067990      9.60%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1128927      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768462      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719111      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206787      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162423      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54661      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37510      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21551578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2892     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8660     38.43%     51.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10981     48.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10218499     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192925      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1476      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1128047      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657907      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12198854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45987711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14551859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12000261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12221387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        154418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12900603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231954                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       212493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12023425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1060971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1718545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1691731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           657574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12000469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12000261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7016165                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18329437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452015                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8969827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10994705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1905976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2977                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       187704                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21203401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16736791     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2164273     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       843243      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       452648      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339103      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189872      0.90%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117590      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104358      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255523      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21203401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8969827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10994705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1648653                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1007939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1578190                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9907080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       223347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       255523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33848494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26149570                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                295618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4996816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8969827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10994705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8969827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.959744                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.959744                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54219378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16632288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12059554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26546957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1788708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101394                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19088988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10180543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1788708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1301217                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2273144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        472016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       796794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1154645                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20214951     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         357653      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         167752      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         353304      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         102491      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         329489      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          48534      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          76996      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         836925      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22488095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.383492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18864001                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1026361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2268433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11315385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18889516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        751170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       196886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2244118                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        79011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11296968                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        63508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14730812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     51081513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     51081513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11894098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2836600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1435                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          169477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108104                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       312662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        70972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11239439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10510497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2069397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4238938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17870449     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1420355      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593105      7.08%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904996      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450712      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112839      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130072      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3067      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2500      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22488095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16537     56.38%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7148     24.37%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5645     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8197804     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77869      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924340     18.31%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309777      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10510497                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.395921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43545090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13310307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10242846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10539827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7943                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7858                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       327390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        651260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11240887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108104                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          728                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       150143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10382504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1898037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       127993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2207786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1584743                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           309749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.391100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10245393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10242846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6215544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13252392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.385839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469013                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8187725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9157235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084071                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       141045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18783924     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1304711      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860632      3.88%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266216      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455385      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84434      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53155      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48012      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304236      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22160705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8187725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9157235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1978464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1673669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1411229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7983339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       108520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       304236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33097749                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          22810366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                433006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4058862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9157235                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8187725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.242287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.242287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.308424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.308424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       48367763                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13282242                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12128359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1937496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588204                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       813900                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18519885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11015208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1937496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       953662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2422426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        545584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1828795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1143018                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23121055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20698629     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         261420      1.13%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         303049      1.31%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         166816      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         192908      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         106456      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          71748      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         187802      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1132227      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23121055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.414911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18370203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1981757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2403002                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        18133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       347957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       314778                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1992                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13449593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       347957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18398476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        581745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1319914                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2393733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        79227                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13440325                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        20099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        37025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18674330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     62576891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     62576891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15926401                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2747923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3601                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2047                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          216940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1287443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       698846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       155302                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13418684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12676805                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18350                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1688550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3905202                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23121055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17780767     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2146239      9.28%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154629      4.99%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       799955      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698186      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357778      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86243      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55713      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41545      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23121055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12272     44.02%     55.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12390     44.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10611296     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197923      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1550      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1172448      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       693588      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12676805                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002199                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48520893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15110972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12464209                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12704683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       347957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        537874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13422312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1287443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       698846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2046                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       219374                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12488799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1101133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1794500                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1746955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           693367                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.470416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12464467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12464209                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7408068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19411021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.469490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9353031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11474148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1948282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       193395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22773098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18085651     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2173539      9.54%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912217      4.01%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       546384      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378917      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244315      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127328      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102164      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202583      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22773098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9353031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11474148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1738061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1055262                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1560                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1641969                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10344440                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       233353                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       202583                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35992880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27192837                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                286704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3427339                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9353031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11474148                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9353031                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.838480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.838480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.352301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.352301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56330647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17298387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12548399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3124                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1940919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         754994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18536637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11041900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1940919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       953272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2426705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        549466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1909371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1144282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23226282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20799577     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         262644      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         303829      1.31%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         166462      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         191634      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         105947      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          72532      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         187609      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1136048      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23226282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18384797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2064519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2406596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       314476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13477195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18414398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        513403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1468984                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2396555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        81368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13467838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        38314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18715993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     62706906                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     62706906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15937710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2778283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          223487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       699774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       155619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13444886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12690055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1711039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3969401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23226282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17881008     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2148560      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154532      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801918      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698781      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356820      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87076      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55699      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41888      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23226282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3178     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12385     44.25%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12428     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10621359     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198530      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1551      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174046      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694569      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12690055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48652433                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15159673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12476301                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12718046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           72                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          211                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       351571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        469092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12796                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13448525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       219860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12501368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1796857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1748052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           694373                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12476537                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12476301                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7417260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19433879                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9359748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11482278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1966404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       193605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22874711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18183279     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2175837      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912550      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547100      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378793      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       244884      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127665      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102365      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202238      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22874711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9359748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11482278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1739288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1056006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1643106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10351776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       233507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       202238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36121090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27248949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                286572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3322111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9359748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11482278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9359748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.836443                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.836443                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.352554                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.352554                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56388034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17317762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12576784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2052961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19751336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11481653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2052961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1017415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2394734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        553723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1105243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21205451     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         110964      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         176753      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         239111      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         246962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         209037      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         117218      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         174620      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1120069      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19547583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1311010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2390078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       337846                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14087962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19601584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        195346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       990742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2339574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14082251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19645214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65508158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65508158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16992776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2652438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          370111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       713107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       229877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14064790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17910891     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2374322     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191769      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871185      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688946      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281842      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176676      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92550      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2773     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8508     38.10%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11047     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11221030     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199242      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207635      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710770      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50305222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15652388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13139490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        165024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14068272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10681                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       231090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13156211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1847199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1868492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13139612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13139490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7542981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20334902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9905937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18212298     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517385     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932603      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445298      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399307      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216667      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174128      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85827      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9905937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12188845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1806207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1103932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1757632                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10981932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       250942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       268030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37051717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28485220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                301266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2948209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12188845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.680049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.680049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59206698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18303177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13057097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1941240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592251                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       794316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18533702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11040294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1941240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       953587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2426356                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        548163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1932905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1143668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23245612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.915971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20819256     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         262477      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         304218      1.31%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         166456      0.72%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         191645      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         106095      0.46%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          72186      0.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         187472      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1135807      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23245612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073121                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18381685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2088215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2406181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        18883                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       350645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       314412                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2004                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13473782                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        10471                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       350645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18411352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        560842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1445278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2396233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        81259                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13464402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        19809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        38214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18712406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62690569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62690569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15942630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2769776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3615                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2057                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          222762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1287850                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       699586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       155019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13441752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3621                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12689240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1704383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3952802                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          491                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23245612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17900097     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2149064      9.25%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1154703      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801446      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699225      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356464      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86995      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55702      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41916      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23245612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3225     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12209     43.80%     55.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12440     44.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10621155     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198557      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1551      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1173554      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694423      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12689240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477966                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48669803                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15149885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12476390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12717114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          159                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       350645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        517284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13445393                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1287850                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2058                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       219423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12500899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1796613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1748327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           694213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.470872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12476643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12476390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7417640                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19432737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.469949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9362602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11485858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1959718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       193268                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22894967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18201972     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2176416      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       912584      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547820      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378933      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245203      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127415      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102415      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202209      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22894967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9362602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11485858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1739833                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1056342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1643630                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10355014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       233593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       202209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36138269                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27241807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                286087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3302782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9362602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11485858                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9362602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.835579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.835579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.352662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.352662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56388503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17317570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12575442                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1788642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607507                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1227420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19082668                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10177214                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1788642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1300392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2272788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        471403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       794769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1154239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22478839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20206051     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         357995      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         168046      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         353369      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         101821      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         329566      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          48165      0.21%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          76527      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         837299      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22478839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067373                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.383346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18856801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1025221                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2268094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1890                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       326829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       159302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1785                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11311599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       326829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18882487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        744117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       202485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2243566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        79351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     11292964                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        63815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     14724726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     51059897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     51059897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     11893584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2831112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          170614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2107208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       312679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        70952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11234999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1442                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10506337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4232209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22478839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17862160     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1420513      6.32%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1593192      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904163      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450726      2.01%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112488      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130071      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3027      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2499      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22478839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16694     56.58%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7179     24.33%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5633     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8195231     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77868      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1922902     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309629      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10506337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.395743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43527901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13301641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10239234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10535843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       433571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       326829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        643984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9449                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11236450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2107208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        95884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       149970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10378171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1896714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2206320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1584713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           309606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.390915                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10241902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10239234                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6212858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13243692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.385682                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.469118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8187425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9156869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2080075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       140979                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22152010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18775513     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1304597      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860629      3.89%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266417      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455045      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84219      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53155      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47922      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304513      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22152010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8187425                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9156869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1978413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1673634                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1411177                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         7983011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       108514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       304513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33084415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          22801018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                432749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4069555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8187425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9156869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8187425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.242582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.242582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.308396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.308396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       48346451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      13277688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12124321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1769632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1596581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4178                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18749858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11116373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1769632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       727562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2197779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        300447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2900335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1077758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        95040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24051191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21853412     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          78366      0.33%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         160474      0.67%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          67597      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         364044      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         325394      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          62381      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         132026      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1007497      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24051191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.066657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.418721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18538550                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      3113113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2189529                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       155317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13034974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18565170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2892291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2173520                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13026712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        42409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        28228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          776                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15304770                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     61343454                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     61343454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13517626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1787138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          824                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          198524                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3068324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1549928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12999437                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12473989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1042567                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2519387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24051191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19566826     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371637      5.70%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107422      4.60%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       479325      1.99%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       600287      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563287      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320774      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25758      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15875      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24051191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31454     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238268     86.10%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7000      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7832112     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108761      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2986931     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1545439     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12473989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.469859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49283726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14043946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12364114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12750711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       125082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10937                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       202981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2825974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13001023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3068324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       111320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12384533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2977032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4522285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1622510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1545253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.466489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12364523                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12364114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6682971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13214450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.465720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10032457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11789761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1212697                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        96725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23848210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19553201     81.99%     81.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1583033      6.64%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736400      3.09%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722901      3.03%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       201679      0.85%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825502      3.46%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63482      0.27%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45989      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116023      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23848210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10032457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11789761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4482225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             2943239                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1557121                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10483786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       116023                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36734619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26207936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                402825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2497203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10032457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11789761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10032457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.646250                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.646250                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       61210574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14367037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15504677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1864207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183969                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18076041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10577957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1864207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       923385                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2215234                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        537511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       893836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1113386                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21534599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       19319365     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         120405      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         188470      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         301612      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         125284      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         139374      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         148624      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          97243      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1094222      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21534599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17903929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1067670                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2208090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         5688                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       349219                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       305248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12915552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       349219                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17932584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        232094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       753065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2185685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        81949                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12905178                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        30914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5614                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17908937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     60028786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     60028786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15236302                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2672630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          243502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1232450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       661493                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19459                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       149978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12884140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12177872                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1662712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3723132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21534599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16399937     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2060724      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126858      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768455      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718495      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206345      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161639      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54640      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37506      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21534599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2884     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9000     39.39%     52.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10965     47.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10201316     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192385      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125921      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656777      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12177872                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.458705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22849                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45929304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14550380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11978788                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12200721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       226679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       349219                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        162031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12887533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1232450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661493                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1883                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7978                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       212311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12002375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1715209                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1688401                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           656427                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452094                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11978990                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11978788                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7003398                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        18301752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.451206                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8950440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10970840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1916781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       187639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21185380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16729636     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2158487     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841667      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450702      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338789      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188986      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117925      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104227      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254961      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21185380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8950440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10970840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1645102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1005768                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1574737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9885593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       222855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       254961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33817975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26124503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                295258                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               5013795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8950440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10970840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8950440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.966155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.966155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.337137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.337137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       54119477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16602897                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12044712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1864577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184391                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       767876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         733599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191187                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18108651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10582789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1864577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       924786                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2215736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        537514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       853523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1115310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     21526971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19311235     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119378      0.55%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         188819      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         301567      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         125248      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         139263      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         149995      0.70%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          98115      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1093351      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     21526971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070233                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.398623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17936777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1027076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2208658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         5663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       305337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12922056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17964509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        222151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       722251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2187120                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        82143                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12912705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6362                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17919719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     60064822                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     60064822                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15260646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2659073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1838                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          241330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1232344                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       662073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       149896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12893297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12194607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1652434                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3688034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21526971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16384941     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2065563      9.60%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126462      5.23%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       768749      3.57%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719993      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207127      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161994      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54834      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37308      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21526971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2876     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8842     38.98%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10963     48.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10215546     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192711      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1475      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1127344      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657531      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12194607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.459335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45954867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14549210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11995590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12217288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           24                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          786                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        153217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10783                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12896646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1232344                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7889                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       213223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12018866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1059994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1717191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1690223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           657197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11995795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11995590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7011751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18325260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.451839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382628                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8964670                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10988290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       188075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21178177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16715538     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2161699     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842988      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451683      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339070      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189494      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117848      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104128      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255729      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21178177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8964670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10988290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1647682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1007348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1577243                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9901306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       223206                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       255729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33819096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26142250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                295698                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               5021422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8964670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10988290                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8964670                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.961447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.961447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       54196329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16626160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12051490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1942604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       793731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18562065                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11051245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1942604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       953813                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2428978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        550373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1843281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1145948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23188347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20759369     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         262802      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         304092      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         166738      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         191825      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         106126      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          72435      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         187724      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1137236      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23188347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.416268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18409480                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1999154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2408763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       315181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1999                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13490301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        10466                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18438837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        491463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1425670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2399132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        81218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13481390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        38356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18733298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     62769714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     62769714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15947850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2785448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2032                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          223482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1290544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       700169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       155271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13458304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1712416                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3980589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23188347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17839112     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2149630      9.27%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155233      4.98%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802213      3.46%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       700314      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357101      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86979      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55731      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42034      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23188347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3125     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12313     44.22%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12410     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10631672     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198611      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174976      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694948      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.478438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48637845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15174450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12487657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31449                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       233859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          257                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        447390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13461922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1290544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2035                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111310                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       220189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12512418                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1797612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1749533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           694765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.471306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12487914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12487657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7420602                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19447386                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.470373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381573                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9365642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11489623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1972495                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       194011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22836323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18142199     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2176972      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913153      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       547147      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379220      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245082      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127813      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102160      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202577      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22836323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9365642                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11489623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1740401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1056685                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1644197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10358378                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       233667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       202577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36095799                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27276274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                287049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3360047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9365642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11489623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9365642                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.834658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.834658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.352776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.352776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       56436784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17332182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12587058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1942361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192466                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       796695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18556313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11048236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1942361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       954370                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2428180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        547620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1859170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1144705                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23195633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20767453     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         262942      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         305185      1.32%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         166750      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         190889      0.82%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         106348      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          72226      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         187192      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1136648      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23195633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18404322                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2014430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2407546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349963                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       314942                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2007                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13480336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        10507                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349963                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18434533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        583881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1347583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2397578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        82092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13471134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        19708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18723424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62719513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62719513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15959588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2763830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3525                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          224779                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1286700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       699970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18328                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       154455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13448327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12697884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17691                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1695096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3937004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23195633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17845097     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2152121      9.28%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1156078      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802001      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698808      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356308      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87637      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55654      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41929      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23195633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3187     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11791     43.08%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12393     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10629028     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198617      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1173864      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694822      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12697884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.478292                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48636463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15147085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12485971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12725255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229234                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          128                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349963                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        538333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13451886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1286700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          129                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111289                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108306                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       219595                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12510039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1797714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1749896                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           694617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.471216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12486233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12485971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7421116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19437179                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.470310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11498075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1953997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       193433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22845670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18147015     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179351      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913664      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548553      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378986      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245885      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127466      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102428      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202322      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22845670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9372626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11498075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1741702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1057466                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1645365                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10366019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       233830                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       202322                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36095355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27254121                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                286228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3352761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9372626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11498075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9372626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.832546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.832546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.353039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.353039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       56432067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17330979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12584680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1941201                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192462                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       796704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         755937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8528                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18546918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11042674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1941201                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       954077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2426784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        547628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1873392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1144332                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23199017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20772233     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         262475      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         304737      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         166757      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         191190      0.82%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         105991      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          72595      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         187427      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1135612      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23199017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.415945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18394670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2028901                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2406228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       314648                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13474052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18424730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        579942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1365983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2396297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        82144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13464918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18714039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     62691066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     62691066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15950905                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2763134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3531                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          224490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1286182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       699530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       154351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13441894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12692206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1695833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3933453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23199017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17851060     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151379      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155357      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       800972      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698793      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356332      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87427      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55773      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41924      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23199017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3179     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11788     43.10%     54.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12383     45.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10624466     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198504      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1173236      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       694448      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12692206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.478078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48628481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15141396                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12480397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12719556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          181                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       349918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        534265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13445454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1286182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       219534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12504384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1102341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1796592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1748758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           694251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.471003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12480653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12480397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7418134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19431355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.470100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9367408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11491811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1953826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       193436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22849099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18153434     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2177593      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913275      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548161      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378948      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245704      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127373      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102253      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202358      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22849099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9367408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11491811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1740726                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1056883                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1644493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10360361                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       233712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       202358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36092313                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27241206                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                286250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3349377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9367408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11491811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9367408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.834124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.834124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.352843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.352843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       56406910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17323080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12578183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1942266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1592826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       794262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756029                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18545733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11046446                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1942266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       954455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2427656                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        548465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1861514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1144605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23187693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20760037     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         262677      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         303894      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         166516      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         191890      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         106238      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          72445      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         188026      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1135970      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23187693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073159                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18394449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2016028                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2407699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       314869                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1998                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13482265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18423804                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        513371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1420940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2397915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13473111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18724842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62731065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62731065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15951870                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2772972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2040                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          221122                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1288721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       700258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       155738                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13450593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12698896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1706207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3952417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          471                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23187693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17838264     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2150423      9.27%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155336      4.98%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802591      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699585      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       357037      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        86616      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55921      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41920      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23187693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3161     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12261     44.04%     55.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12421     44.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10628753     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198697      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1552      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174824      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695070      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12698896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.478330                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27843                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48631162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15160534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12485452                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12726739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31606                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16376                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          164                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        468486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13454214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1288721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2038                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       219672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12510247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1798163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1749670                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           694878                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.471224                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12485708                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12485452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7422429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19446173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.470290                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9367972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11492526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1961883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       193426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22836901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18141321     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2177493      9.53%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913377      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548026      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379104      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245140      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127508      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102419      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202513      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22836901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9367972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11492526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1740834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1056952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1644612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10361008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       233734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       202513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36088732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27259622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                286289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3360701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9367972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11492526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9367972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.833953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.833953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.352864                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.352864                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       56429111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17330866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12582694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2296430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836236                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19964134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12597894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2296430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1082914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2624490                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        588327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1884368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1241646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24850529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22226039     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         160348      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         201607      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         322969      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136324      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         173614      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         202672      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          92923      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1334033      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24850529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.474526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19847649                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2014115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2611960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       375498                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       349478                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15399522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       375498                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19868209                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         64715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1892817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2592691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        56592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15304909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21374936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71164460                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71164460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17837524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3537403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          199634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       748395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       170364                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14938873                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14317493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15176                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3765463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24850529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18785510     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765644     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1131364      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632520      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858904      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265337      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260582      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139576      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11092      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24850529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98931     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13572     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12810     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12061481     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195456      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1313071      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745716      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14317493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.539298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53626004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16784209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13941311                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14442806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       375498                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6293                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14942583                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       242941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14066087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2036580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1988546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           745594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13941410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13941311                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8351977                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22436515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.525128                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10377748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12787856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       212193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24475031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19061002     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744572     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996264      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496320      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453693      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190459      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188706      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89627      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254388      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24475031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10377748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12787856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1896311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1159436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1853441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11513384                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       264100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       254388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39163209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30260808                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                305263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1697865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10377748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12787856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10377748                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63287251                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19481617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14238825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609154148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676020648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679050459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679050459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974393.668467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984209.008835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.432965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.657303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2156983.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.432965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984229.657303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283908959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348053659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286675370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350820070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64144700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286675370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350820070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886584.492171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896399.908701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.264095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.564473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2069183.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.264095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896420.564473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2999                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.628287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         117691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        23.328246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.793580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.909972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   872.316567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1140.608168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.425936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.556938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3593                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3594                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2963                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2999                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54418617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2713383166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2767801783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5654340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5654340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54418617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2719037506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2773456123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54418617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2719037506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2773456123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.452224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1511628.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 917303.301555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924449.493320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1130868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1130868                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1511628.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 917663.687479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924793.638880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1511628.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 917663.687479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924793.638880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51256915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2453629044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2504885959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5215340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51256915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2458844384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2510101299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51256915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2458844384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2510101299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.452224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1423803.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829489.196755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836635.256847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1043068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1043068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1423803.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829849.606480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836979.426142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1423803.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 829849.606480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836979.426142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.162420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.811977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.982147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   929.486207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1071.558826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.453851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.523222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3283                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1607307403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     37810708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1569496695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1607307403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.382591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.382591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1303817.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782401.144068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789831.647666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     294                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     35264508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1393457695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428722203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.379278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1216017.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 694644.912762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702074.792629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.513775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         177513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.260836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.158021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.164003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   840.236334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1133.955418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.410272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.553689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1878                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3387                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3388                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1874                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73204665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1574308867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1647513532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73204665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1574308867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1647513532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73204665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1574308867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1647513532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1878                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2091561.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856067.899402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879142.759872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2091561.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856067.899402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879142.759872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2091561.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 856067.899402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879142.759872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1081                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1081                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70130393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1412800432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482930825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70130393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1412800432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482930825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     70130393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1412800432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482930825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2003725.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768243.845568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791318.476521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2003725.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768243.845568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791318.476521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2003725.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 768243.845568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791318.476521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1855                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.513438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        45.477069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.636720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.947264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   835.605430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.324024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.408010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3368                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3369                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545277465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1620394382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545277465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1620394382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75116917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545277465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1620394382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849520.321605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873999.127292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849520.321605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873999.127292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2146197.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849520.321605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873999.127292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385539878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457583795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385539878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457583795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72043917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1385539878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457583795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.351701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761704.166025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786183.276699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761704.166025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786183.276699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2058397.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761704.166025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786183.276699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.424725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.839648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.441810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   584.213314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1405.670328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.285260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.686362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1062129377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1855                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.510860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         177503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        45.478606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.619231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.030610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   835.821659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1138.039359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.408116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.555683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1886                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3371                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1854                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63981947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1551999963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1615981910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63981947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1551999963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1615981910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63981947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1551999963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1615981910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1886                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1828055.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853216.032435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871619.153182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1828055.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853216.032435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871619.153182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1828055.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853216.032435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871619.153182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1069                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1069                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60907045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1392237493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453144538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60907045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1392237493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453144538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60907045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1392237493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453144538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.350549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1740201.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765386.197361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783788.855448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1740201.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765386.197361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783788.855448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1740201.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 765386.197361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783788.855448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.806683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         114963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        28.197940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.803964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.332002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   926.784810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1071.885907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.452532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.523382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3287                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3288                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61289198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1565956089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1627245287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61289198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1565956089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1627245287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61289198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1565956089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1627245287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.382037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.381606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.381606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915287.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 784154.275914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801993.734352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915287.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 784154.275914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801993.734352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915287.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 784154.275914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801993.734352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                292                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     292                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58479598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1390587673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449067271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58479598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1390587673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449067271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58479598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1390587673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449067271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1827487.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 696338.344016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714178.053721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1827487.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 696338.344016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714178.053721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1827487.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 696338.344016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714178.053721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3742                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.933634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         151674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        26.195855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.278592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.648229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1271.669340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         758.337473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.620932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.370282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3675                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3676                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3742                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3543249564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3595669842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3333648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3333648                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3546583212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3599003490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52420278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3546583212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3599003490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956084.609822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961666.178657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1111216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1111216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956210.086816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961786.074292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1588493.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956210.086816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961786.074292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                672                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     672                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3217839232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3267361799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3070248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3070248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3220909480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3270432047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49522567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3220909480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3270432047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.502302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868278.260119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873859.801819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1023416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1023416                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868403.742249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873979.702565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1500683.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868403.742249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873979.702565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2984                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.611314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         117675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        23.394632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.794248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.930019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   866.953142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1146.933905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.423317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.560026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3578                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2984                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44119870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2707132512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2751252382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7072166                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7072166                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44119870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2714204678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     2758324548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44119870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2714204678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    2758324548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.451885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.451885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1260567.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919542.293478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923548.970124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1414433.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1414433.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1260567.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 920381.376060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924371.497319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1260567.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 920381.376060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924371.497319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41036463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2447499909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2488536372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6630166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41036463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2454130075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495166538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     41036463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2454130075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2495166538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.452158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.451885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.451885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1172470.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831351.871264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835359.641490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1326033.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1326033.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1172470.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832190.598508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836181.815684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1172470.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832190.598508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836181.815684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2998                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.619102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         117687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        23.332078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.801089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.716654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   873.564233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1139.537126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.426545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.556415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 813                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3592                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2998                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2711088515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2760181959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5955227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5955227                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2717043742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     2766137186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49093444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2717043742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    2766137186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              6575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               6590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              6590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 916837.509300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922212.482125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1191045.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1191045.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 917300.385550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922660.835891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1363706.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 917300.385550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922660.835891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                460                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     460                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2451463915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2497396559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5516227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5516227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2456980142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2502912786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45932644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2456980142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2502912786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829037.509300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834412.482125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1103245.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103245.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829500.385550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834860.835891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1275906.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 829500.385550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834860.835891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1831                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.467690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         177513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        45.762568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.445988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.655796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   829.899903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1144.466002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.405225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.558821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1890                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1831                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505297306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1566561458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505297306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1566561458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61264152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1505297306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1566561458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1890                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837672.401781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855576.984162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837672.401781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855576.984162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1801886.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837672.401781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855576.984162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1062                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347449260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405728212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347449260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405728212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58278952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1347449260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1405728212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749832.643294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767737.963954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749832.643294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767737.963954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1714086.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749832.643294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767737.963954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1845                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.509923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         177516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        45.598767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.488641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.713390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   834.750361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1140.557531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.407593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.556913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1845                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61205153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1523902980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1585108133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61205153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1523902980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1585108133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61205153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1523902980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1585108133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1854701.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 841006.059603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859137.199458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1854701.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 841006.059603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859137.199458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1854701.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 841006.059603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859137.199458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1068                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58307619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1364790300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1423097919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58307619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1364790300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1423097919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     58307619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1364790300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1423097919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1766897.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 753195.529801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771326.785366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1766897.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 753195.529801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771326.785366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1766897.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 753195.529801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771326.785366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1845                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.509423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         177516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        45.598767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.531156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.783481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   833.830711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1141.364075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.407144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.557307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3379                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3380                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1845                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607148641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1607148641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69155516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1537993125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1607148641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2033985.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 849250.759249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871083.274255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66169708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1378962755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445132463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.192159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.627642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.192159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.627642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1946167.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 761437.192159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783269.627642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1852                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.507496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         177500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        45.512821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.091935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.469593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   836.048466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1138.897502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.408227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.556102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1882                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3370                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3371                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58183095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1537063712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1595246807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58183095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1537063712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1595246807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58183095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1537063712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1595246807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1882                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1711267.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845469.588559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861364.366631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1711267.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845469.588559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861364.366631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1711267.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 845469.588559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861364.366631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55197895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1377400314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432598209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55197895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1377400314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432598209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     55197895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1377400314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432598209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1623467.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757645.937294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773541.149568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1623467.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757645.937294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773541.149568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1623467.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 757645.937294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773541.149568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          956                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.518068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         177777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.180093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.319187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.276206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   449.377029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1526.545646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.219422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.745384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 956                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119349012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    741569903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     860918915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119349012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    741569903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      860918915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119349012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    741569903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     860918915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.243818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3060231.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 808691.279171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900542.798117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3060231.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 808691.279171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 900542.798117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3060231.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 808691.279171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 900542.798117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115924350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    661037932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115924350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    661037932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115924350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    661037932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.243818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972419.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720870.154853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812722.052301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972419.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720870.154853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812722.052301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2972419.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720870.154853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812722.052301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106763180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2135263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67189870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099683.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692491825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692491825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702482382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702482382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702482382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539907.096792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539907.096792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539917.093827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889346390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889346390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892593401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892593401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527941.684539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527941.684539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.448257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.529615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              977218812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1854305.146110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.529615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1115297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1115297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1115297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1115297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1115297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81692042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81692042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81692042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81692042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81692042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81692042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1115351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1115351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1115351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512815.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1512815.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512815.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1512815.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1512815.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1512815.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54796001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54796001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54796001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54796001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54796001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54796001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1480973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1480973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1480973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              162724600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             23887.933059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   228.050243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    27.949757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.109179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       772114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        772114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       637611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1409725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1409725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1409725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1409725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7642115861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7642115861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55134134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55134134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7697249995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7697249995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7697249995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7697249995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       789244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       789244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       637707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1426951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1426951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1426951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1426951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446124.685406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446124.685406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 574313.895833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 574313.895833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446839.080170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446839.080170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446839.080170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446839.080170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2973278922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973278922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6341024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6341024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2979619946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979619946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2979619946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979619946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454560.299954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454560.299954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 422734.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 422734.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454487.484137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454487.484137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 454487.484137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454487.484137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.095088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888970452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1595997.220826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.781906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.313182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1154605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1154605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44035780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1100894.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38140807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1271360.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199459446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35977.533550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.535152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.464848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9122631240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2155827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9124787067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469802.824184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82916.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469285.489971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1800685004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801069604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340845.164490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340531.216487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              513.738031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              972822310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1878035.347490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.738031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.050862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1142969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1142969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1142969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1142969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1142969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1142969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104769405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104769405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104769405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104769405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104769405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104769405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1143018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1143018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1143018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1143018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1143018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2138151.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2138151.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2138151.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2138151.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2138151.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2138151.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73564472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73564472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73564472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73564472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73564472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73564472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043457.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043457.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043457.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043457.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043457.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043457.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              153882026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             28070.417001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.724230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.275770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.885642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.114358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       803960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       678920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       678920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1482880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1482880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1482880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1482880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          536                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        18550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        18550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7736872301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7736872301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    316146790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    316146790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8053019091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8053019091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8053019091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8053019091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       821974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       821974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       679456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1562                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1501430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1501430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1501430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1501430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429492.189464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429492.189464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 589826.100746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 589826.100746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 434125.018383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434125.018383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 434125.018383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434125.018383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1904927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 380985.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1811037125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1811037125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       970668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1812007793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812007793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1812007793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812007793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 347541.186912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347541.186912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64711.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64711.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 346729.390165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346729.390165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 346729.390165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346729.390165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.252046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              972823568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1878037.776062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.252046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1144227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1144227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1144227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109843171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1144282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1997148.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75494274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2097063.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              153883943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28271.898402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.036280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.963720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       805414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1484818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7679594729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679594729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422481255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102075984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8102075984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8102075984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8102075984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       823390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1503327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427213.769971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427213.769971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792647.757974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437737.100005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437737.100005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 437737.100005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437737.100005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2431818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 607954.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1780638431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780638431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781609051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781609051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1781609051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781609051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 344284.306071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344284.306071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64708                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343475.814729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343475.814729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 343475.814729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343475.814729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.468898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971660473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1875792.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.468898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148144759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33554.871801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.763345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.236655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              513.258105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              972822956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1878036.594595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.258105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1143615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1143615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1143615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1143615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1143615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1143615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97766542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97766542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97766542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97766542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97766542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97766542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1143668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1143668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1143668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1143668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1143668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844651.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844651.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844651.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844651.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1844651.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844651.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64349192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64349192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64349192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64349192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64349192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64349192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787477.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787477.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787477.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787477.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1787477.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787477.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              153884102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             28261.543067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.053437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.946563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.886927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.113073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       805354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       679613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1484967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1484967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1484967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1484967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7784395992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7784395992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    423293242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423293242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8207689234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8207689234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8207689234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8207689234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       823402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       680146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1503548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1503548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431316.267287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431316.267287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794171.185741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 794171.185741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441724.839029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441724.839029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441724.839029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441724.839029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1846250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 461562.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1787473828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1787473828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       975876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1788449704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1788449704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1788449704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1788449704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345472.328566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345472.328566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65058.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65058.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344661.727500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344661.727500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 344661.727500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344661.727500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              551.610370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              888970043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1587446.505357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.296622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.313748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1154196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1154196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1154196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1154196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1154196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76224579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76224579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76224579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76224579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76224579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76224579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1154239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1154239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1154239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1772664.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1772664.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1772664.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1772664.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1772664.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1772664.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61660299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61660299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61660299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61660299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61660299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61660299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1868493.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868493.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1868493.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868493.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1868493.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1868493.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              199458093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36003.265884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.526986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.473014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1742197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1742197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       303315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2045512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2045512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2045512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2045512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9170668031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9170668031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2162242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2162242                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9172830273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9172830273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9172830273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9172830273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1761550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1761550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       303341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2064891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2064891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2064891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2064891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473862.865241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473862.865241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 83163.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83163.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473338.679653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 473338.679653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473338.679653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 473338.679653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1797444043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1797444043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1797828643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1797828643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1797828643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1797828643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340554.005873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340554.005873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340240.091408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340240.091408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 340240.091408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340240.091408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.121770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001085594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1734983.698440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.974943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.146826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1077704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1077704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1077704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1077704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70781672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70781672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1077758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1077758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1077758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1077758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1310771.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52760720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52760720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1551785.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              393116374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             51455.022775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.833671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.166329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.432944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.567056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2808149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2808149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1537444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1537444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4345593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4345593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4345593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4345593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        27249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        27249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14482058674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14482058674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11262571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11262571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14493321245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14493321245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14493321245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14493321245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2835380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2835380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1537462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1537462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4372842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4372842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4372842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4372842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531822.506482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531822.506482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 625698.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625698.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531884.518514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531884.518514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 531884.518514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531884.518514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3824179289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3824179289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3550848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3550848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3827730137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3827730137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3827730137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3827730137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518321.942125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518321.942125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       591808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       591808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518381.654523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518381.654523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 518381.654523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518381.654523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.182407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              977216844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1857826.699620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.182407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1113329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1113329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1113329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1113329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1113329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68449341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68449341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68449341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68449341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68449341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68449341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1113386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1113386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1113386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1200865.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1200865.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1200865.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1200865.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1200865.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1200865.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44476810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44476810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44476810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44476810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     44476810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44476810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1235466.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235466.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1235466.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235466.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1235466.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235466.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              162721386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             23993.126806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.022145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.977855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.890712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.109288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       770193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       636243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1406436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1406436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7668247661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7668247661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66049621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66049621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7734297282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7734297282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7734297282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7734297282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       787357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       636330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1423687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1423687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446763.438651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446763.438651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 759191.045977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 759191.045977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448339.069155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448339.069155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 448339.069155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448339.069155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2965747537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2965747537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7759769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7759769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2973507306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973507306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2973507306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2973507306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455498.009062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455498.009062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 517317.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517317.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455640.102053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455640.102053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455640.102053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455640.102053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.310060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              977218773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1854305.072106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.310060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1115258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1115258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1115258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1115258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66322620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66322620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1115310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1115310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1275435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49489194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49489194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337545.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              162723129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             23898.241886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.020869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.979131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.890707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.109293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       770989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       637232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       637232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1408221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1408221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1408221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1408221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7631204278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7631204278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     56928132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56928132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7688132410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7688132410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7688132410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7688132410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       788130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       788130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       637327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       637327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1425457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1425457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1425457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1425457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 445201.813080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445201.813080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 599243.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599243.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446050.847644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2970850736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970850736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6642818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6642818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2977493554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2977493554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2977493554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2977493554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454397.481799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454397.481799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442854.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442854.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454371.059667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              512.500838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              972825238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1881673.574468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.500838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1145897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1145897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1145897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93051896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93051896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1145948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1824546.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61636680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61636680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1761048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              153884733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             28350.171887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.732163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.267837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.885673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.114327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       805784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       679837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1485621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1485621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1485621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1485621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7581194772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7581194772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    388422931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388422931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7969617703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7969617703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7969617703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7969617703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       823750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       680370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1655                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1504120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1504120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1504120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1504120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 421974.550373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421974.550373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 728748.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 728748.463415                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430813.433321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430813.433321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 430813.433321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430813.433321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2979600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       595920                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1741035858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741035858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       971700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1742007558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1742007558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1742007558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1742007558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 337606.332752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337606.332752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336815.073086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336815.073086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336815.073086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336815.073086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.656688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              972823997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1885317.823643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.656688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1144656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1144656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1144656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1144656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1144656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92725095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92725095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92725095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92725095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     92725095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92725095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1144705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1144705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1144705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1892348.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892348.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1892348.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1892348.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1892348.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1892348.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61575461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61575461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61575461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61575461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61575461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61575461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811042.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811042.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1811042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1811042.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              153885350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             28266.963630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.758067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.241933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.885774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.114226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       805916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       680351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1486267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1486267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7760391317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7760391317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    350962964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350962964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8111354281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8111354281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8111354281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8111354281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       824006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       680883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1504889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1504889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1504889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1504889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 428987.911388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428987.911388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 659704.819549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659704.819549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 435579.115079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435579.115079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 435579.115079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435579.115079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1446862                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 241143.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1759884141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759884141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       971909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1760856050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1760856050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1760856050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1760856050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340205.710613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340205.710613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64793.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339409.415960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339409.415960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339409.415960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339409.415960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.785954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              972823619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1881670.442940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.785954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1144278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1144278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1144278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106158860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106158860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1144332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1965904.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69551452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69551452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1987184.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              153884147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             28256.361917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.681630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.318370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.885475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.114525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       805096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        805096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       679965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679965                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1485061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1485061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1485061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1485061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          532                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7794359319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7794359319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    316935557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    316935557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8111294876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8111294876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8111294876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8111294876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       823180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       680497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1503677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1503677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1503677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1503677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 431008.588752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431008.588752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 595743.528195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 595743.528195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435716.312634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2071047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 345174.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1774161031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1774161031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       970844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1775131875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775131875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1775131875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775131875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342833.049469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342833.049469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64722.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64722.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342029.263006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              512.712247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              972823894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1881670.974855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.712247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1144553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1144553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1144553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1144553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1144553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90053272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90053272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90053272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90053272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90053272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90053272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1144605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1144605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1144605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1731793.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1731793.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1731793.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1731793.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1731793.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1731793.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58535381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58535381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58535381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58535381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58535381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58535381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672439.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672439.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672439.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672439.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1672439.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1672439.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              153885183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             28266.932954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.731208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.268792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.885669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.114331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       806051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       680003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1486054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1486054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7611279250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7611279250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    351016221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    351016221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7962295471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7962295471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7962295471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7962295471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       824030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       680536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1504566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1504566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1504566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1504566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423342.747094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423342.747094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 658567.018762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 658567.018762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 430115.356039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430115.356039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 430115.356039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430115.356039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1891290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 472822.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1772628373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1772628373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       983403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       983403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1773611776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773611776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1773611776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773611776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342669.316257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342669.316257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65560.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65560.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 341868.114109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341868.114109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 341868.114109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341868.114109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.158272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              974825146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1965373.278226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    36.158272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1241585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1241585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1241585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1241585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1241585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174781352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174781352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174781352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174781352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174781352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174781352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1241642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1241642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1241642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3066339.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3066339.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3066339.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3066339.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3066339.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3066339.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1775519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355103.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119803454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119803454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119803454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119803454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    119803454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119803454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2922035.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2922035.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2922035.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2922035.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2922035.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2922035.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              144469686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35830.775298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.627445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.372555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.861826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.138174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       988817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       733203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1722020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1722020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1722020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1722020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2207102152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2207102152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5172350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5172350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2212274502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2212274502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2212274502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2212274502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       998478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       733267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1731745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1731745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228454.834075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228454.834075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80817.968750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80817.968750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 227483.239280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227483.239280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 227483.239280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227483.239280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    934441609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    934441609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1015514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1015514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    935457123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935457123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    935457123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    935457123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248455.625897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248455.625897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67700.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67700.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247737.585540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247737.585540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247737.585540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247737.585540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
